TEN Best Things To Say When Caught Sleeping At Your Desk

10. "They told me at the blood bank this might happen."

9.  "This is just a 15 minute power-nap like they raved about in the time
     management course you sent me to."

8.  "Whew!  Guess I left the top off the tippex.  You probably got here
     just in time."

7.  "I wasn't sleeping!  I was meditating on the mission statement and
     envisioning a new paradigm."

6.  "I was testing my keyboard for drool resistance."

5.  "I was doing a highly specific Yoga exercise to relieve work-related
     stress.  Are you discriminatory toward people who practice Yoga?"

4.  "Blast!  Why did you interrupt me?  I had almost figured out a
     solution to our biggest problem."

3.  "The coffee machine is broken."

2.  "Someone must have put decaf in the wrong pot."

AND THE number 1 BEST THING TO SAY IF YOU GET CAUGHT SLEEPING AT YOUR
DESK...

1.  ".....in Jesus' name.  Amen."

                           101 WAYS TO ANNOY PEOPLE

   As an expert on the art of annoying and irritating others, I have
   endeavored to compile a list of methods I have developed, used,or read
   about, with which to annoy people. Some are very simple, some take
   preparation, some are very old, some are new. At least 1/4 of them are
   guaranteed to annoy your victim. Have fun!


    1. Put your face really close to theirs while they're facing a
       different direction, tap them on the shoulder, and watch them jump
       when they turn to face you.

    2. Copy their actions and everything they say.

    3. Step on the backs of their heels while they're walking.

    4. Yell across a crowded room to them: "Hey, John, the results came
       back from the V.D. clinic: we're clean!"

    5. In a communal shower or shower house, turn the hot water all the
       way up and the cold water all the way down (or vice versa) while
       they're rinsing the shampoo out of their hair and can't see
       anything. Or, when you're finished showering, go outside and turn
       the main valve off.

    6. Pretend you don't understand what they're saying, no matter how
       much they yell and how slowly they say it.

    7. When somebody asks, "Hey, did you get a haircut?" reply, "No, all
       of them."

    8. When somebody asks, "Do you have the time?" reply, "Yeah."

    9. If you have a dot matrix printer, leave the little computer paper
       tracks on the paper when turning in a report or essay.

   10. Ask an artist, "It's not finished yet, is it?"

   11. On a summer day, ask anybody, "Hot enuff for ya?"(NOTE: Proper
       response to this question is to hit offender in the face and ask,
       "Hurt enough for you?")

   12. Sign someone up on a junk mail list.

   13. Go into a frozen yogurt joint where they have lots of toppings.
       Order a cup, and say to the guy, in the most annoying tone
       imaginable, "Do you have M&M's? Yeah? Good. How 'bout raisins?
       Yeah, and sprinkles. Do you have cookie crumbs?" After he has
       proceeded to put them on the yogurt, exclaim, "I hate cookie
       crumbs. They make me sick. I can't even smell them, that's how
       much I hate them. Aagh, yuck!" Watch the salesperson fume as he is
       forced to throw away the entire cup.

   14. Walk into a store that has a sign that says, "Have a penny? Give a
       penny! Need a penny? Take a penny!" with a HUGE jar of pennies.
       Take a penny out of the cup, put it into your jar, and walk out.

   15. Pull up alongside somebody while driving on the freeway, and
       gesture violently, indicating that they should pull over
       immediately. When they pull over, just continue driving.

   16. Take a pencil, stick a piece of chewed gum onto it, and stick it
       to the ground. Then wait for some cheap-o to come along and try to
       pick it up.

   17. Play 'Penis.'

   18. While standing next to someone, unobtrusively reach your arm
       around their back, and tap them on the opposite shoulder.

   19. Tell someone, "Okay, here's what you do: bite down on both your
       pinky nails really hard for about thirty seconds, and then when I
       tell you that time is up, link your pinkies and pull really hard."
       If they ask, "Why?" tell them that it feels really neat. If done
       correctly, this trick should cause excruciating pain.

   20. Engage someone in a conversation, and have a friend sneak up
       behind them, and get down on his hands and knees. Then, all of a
       sudden, violently push the person to whom you are talking, and
       laugh with sadistic glee as they tumble backwards over the person
       kneeling behind them.

   21. Tell someone, "Man, your hands smell bad!" When they try to smell
       their hand, smack it so it hits their face. This one can also be
       performed with a piece of pie. When they lean down to smell the
       pie, grab the back of their head and smoosh it into the pie.

   22. After somebody finishes telling a joke, say in a very grave tone,
       "My brother (sister/mother/father) died that way."

   23. Walk up behind somebody wearing a button down shirt or a short
       sleeved collar shirt, insert your finger into the little strip of
       fabric sewn across the top just below the collar, yell "FAG TAG!"
       at the top of your lungs, and rip it off.

   24. Give somebody a grundy.

   25. Pinch a guy's nipple. You may also pinch a girl's nipple if you
       please, but this falls under '101 Ways to Sexually Harass People.'

   26. Leave the following message on someone's answering machine: "Sir,
       we're not sure if you wanted us to do it, you know, after what
       happened, so, well, we went ahead and did it anyway. If you don't
       like it, we can probably take it out, but we'll have to charge you
       extra. Please return this call immediately. Thanks."

   27. Tell somebody that's wearing velcro shoes or slip-ons that their
       shoelaces are untied.

   28. Tell lots of puns.

   29. Be a Jew for Jesus.

   30. Give somebody a Wet Willy.

   31. Turn on somebody's radio up all the way and turn their windshield
       wipers on while the car is off.

   32. Take a stick of gum out of it's paper and foil wrapper, then
       carefully re-fold the foil wrapper and stick it back into the
       paper wrapper. Offer this to someone as a stick of gum.

   33. Pay for a tube of toothpaste with a check at the supermarket.

   34. On the bus, try to engage somebody in a conversation about genital
       warts.

   35. Delete somebody's AUTOEXEC.BAT and CONFIG.SYS files.

   36. When walking behind someone outside, pull up a long piece of
       grass, and gently tickle them behind the ear with it. The first
       time, they'll try to brush it away. The second time they'll swat
       at it, and smack themselves. Generally, the third time they turn
       around and look behind themselves.

   37. Take a wire, and stick it all the way through a cigar or
       cigarette. Let the ash get really long, and pretend you don't
       notice everybody staring at it, waiting for it to fall.

   38. When they're about half way through with it, remove one piece from
       the box of a jigsaw puzzle, and throw it away.

   39. Hide the remote control.

   40. Call a house at random, and ask for Gary. When they tell you that
       there's no Gary there, call again a little while later. Do this at
       intervals about four times. Finally, when they're fuming and about
       to scream bloody murder, call a fifth time, and say, "Hi, this is
       Gary. Are there any messages for me?"

   41. Take a deck of cards, and say, "Okay, I'm gonna do a magic trick."
       Ask the person to pick any card, and put it anywhere in the deck.
       After they have shuffled the deck thoroughly, take the deck back.
       Ask, "What was your card?" When they tell you, say, "Not only has
       your card magically come to the top of the deck, but it has also
       magically turned into..." Pick up the top card, look at it, and
       name it.

   42. When somebody is talking very excitedly at a restaurant, pick up
       their plate, hand it to them, and nod gravely. Wait for them to
       notice and wonder why they are holding their plate.

   43. Exclaim in a crowded theater, "No, I won't touch you there for a
       dollar! No, not two dollars, either!"

   44. Approach somebody quietly from behind, grab them, and scream,
       "Booga booga!" or any other such exclamation loudly. This works
       extremely well on high strung people.

   45. Be chronically late. Not really late, but always be about five or
       seven minutes late. This really gets anal retentive people. I
       know.

   46. Shave with someone elses razor. For some reason, a lot of people
       are really touchy about that. Once again, I know.


   47. Once again at a restaurant, one with a candle in the middle of the
       table, while someone is up before the food has come, take their
       plate, hold the bottom rim over the candle, and rotate it so you
       get a lot of soot on the bottom of the plate. When they come back,
       say, "I'm going to hypnotize you. Pick up your plate in your left
       hand, and with your right hand, copy all my actions." Proceed to
       rub your index finger around the bottom rim of your plate, and in
       a circle on your forehead. Then around the rim, and each of your
       eyes. Keep going, with different parts of the face, until they
       notice.

   48. Cut out an article or section of the newspaper before someone else
       has had a chance to read it.

   49. Send a letter with twenty-nine one cent stamps.

   50. Go into a locker room with a pocket knife, and cut off all the
       shoelaces that are hanging out of the lockers.

   51. When someone asks, "Are there any questions?" ask, "Where do
       babies come from?" This is one of my favorites.

   52. Step on someone's feet, and push them backwards.

   53. Take their hat.

   54. Grab a book that someone is reading, open it to the last page, and
       read this out loud.

   55. When riding shotgun in a convertible, surreptitiously reach over
       and put up just the rear windows. In a convertible, this looks
       REALLY stupid.

   56. Take an envelope, fill it with baking powder or flour,and send it
       to somebody.

   57. At a fast food restaurant, push down the bubbles on the drink tops
       of everybody's drink.

   58. Crack all your knuckles. A lot of people can't stand fingers, and
       I know some people who have almost fainted upon the cracking of
       the neck.

   59. Sing, "I know a song that gets on everybody's nerves, I know a
       song that gets on everybody's nerves..." over and over again to
       the tune of the first two lines of The Battle Hymn of the
       Republic.

   60. Pay for an item at a store with all pennies.

   61. When you're out of the house all night for a weekend, leave your
       clock-radio on for it's normal wake-up time of about 6:30 or 7:30,
       and turn the volume up.

   62. At a red light, put your car in gear and creep slowly forward,
       while gesturing to the person in the car next to you that they
       must be rolling backwards.

   63. Drive with your brights on just to see how many people flash their
       lights at you.

   64. Tailgating can be one of the most effective forms of annoyance
       know to man.

   65. Walk up to someone you know, and say something to the effect of,
       "Hey, did you hear what happened to Jim? Well he was with...oh,
       man, I really shouldn't tell you this. No, I promised I wouldn't
       tell. No, I can't tell you, sorry."


   66. When they are out of their room, move everything they own to a
       different location.

   67. Change all the preset stations on their car radio tuner to
       classical and country/western stations.

   68. Slurp your soup or your breakfast cereal.

   69. Tap the person on the shoulder continuously, and when you have
       their attention, just continue tapping them on the shoulder.

   70. At a movie theater, unwrap a candy bar as loudly as is humanly
       possible, preferably during dialogue.

   71. At a public library, get a book which hasn't been checked out yet,
       and slip it into somebody's book bag when they're not looking.

   72. Take off the letters one of those sign boards that have the
       removable letters. Spell rude things with them.

   73. Answer the phone "Domino's Pizza, how can I help you?" at someone
       else's house. Or at your own house, if you really want.

   74. At night, rearrange somebody's furniture. At the very least,
       they'll be surprised when they get up in the morning. But, better
       yet, call them in the middle of the night, so they have to get up,
       and stumble over a chair that wasn't there before.

   75. Many telephone answering machines have two digit passwords for
       retrieving messages and that kind of thing, and often times, the
       default on many models is 25, which people don't bother to change.
       This is an excellent way to hack answering machines, or, if this
       doesn't work, it's not that hard to try all 100 combinations.
       Regardless, once you've hacked the machine, a fun thing to do is
       to change the message. This is supremely annoying.

   76. Call a credit card company and report somebody's card as missing.
       Next time they try to use it, they'll have it confiscated and cut
       into little bitty pieces.

   77. Take all the labels off of their video tapes.

   78. There are a myriad of non-harmful but incredibly annoying computer
       viruses, such as Red-X, Cascade, Heeva Havah, Whale, and more.
       Their effects vary, and they can be a pain in the butt to remove
       from one's hard drive.

   79. An old but still great and incredibly useful annoyance technique
       is the age old, tried and true 'Kick Me' sign on the back. A
       classic.

   80. Write taunting messages at random places in an assignment notebook
       or executive planner.

   81. Another classic is to get about three other people in on a joke
       that has no meaning at all, and tell it with those three people
       and the victim in the room. All the people 'in' on the joke laugh,
       and the victim doesn't get it. When he asks, say, "Oh, never mind.
       If you don't get it, it's not worth explaining. My favorite is, "A
       hippo and a penguin are taking a bath together. The hippo says,
       'Pass the soap,' and the penguin says, 'No soap. Radio!'"

   82. Yet another age old family of annoying jokes are as follows:
       "Would you happen to have a henway on you?" "A henway? What's a
       henway?" "About three pounds."

   83. Talk to the characters in a television show, like yelling out
       loud, "Don't go in there! The bad guys are in there!"

   84. When you take a shower, leave the shower/bath valve on shower.

   85. Women hate it when men leave the toilet seat up.

   86. During an exam, tap your foot on the floor continuously. This
       works very well on linoleum, especially if you can find a part of
       the floor where the linoleum is coming loose, and it makes a very
       loud sound.

   87. Be a street mime.

   88. Remove the doorstop from hallway doors. Or better yet, if you have
       the time and the motivation, take out the screw that holds the two
       'arms' of the spring closer together.

   89. Write poetry for a school newspaper or publication.

   90. For women: ask your friends, "Do I look fat to you?"

   91. Put a lubricated condom on somebody's door knob.

   92. Go out behind somebody's house at night, and find the box marked
       "Illinois Bell Customer Service," or whatever state you live in.
       Open this up using a flat head screwdriver, and attach a wire
       across the green and red wires. This will leave the phone off
       hook, and once the too-long-off-hook signal starts going, the
       person will be forced to go to another's house to use the phone to
       call Ma Bell so they can figure out is going on.

   93. Put a dead fish in somebody's trunk. Works best during the summer.

   94. Take a chalkboard eraser and insert a piece of chalk into, so that
       when somebody goes to erase the board, they leave a chalk mark.

   95. At a restaurant, have the victim place both his hands on the table
       palms down. Balance a glass of water on the back of each hand. The
       person is now trapped, unable to remove either glass without help.
       (Actually, there is a solution: place your chin against one glass,
       and using that to hold it steady, remove the other glass.)

   96. A similar 'trap' is to have a person stick their forefinger and
       thumb through the space on the hinged side of an open door, just
       above the top hinge. Put an egg between their fingers and ask them
       to hold it. Then, take their hat and put it on the floor
       underneath the egg.
   97. Take a paper or styrofoam cup, and punch a small hole in it near
       the base. Grasp the cup, with your thumb over the hole, and fill
       it with water. Now, casually walk up to someone, and ask them to
       hold the cup.

   98. Take a bungee cord like the kind used to tie a car hood down, and
       while someone is sitting in a chair in front of you, carefully and
       quietly hook one end to their belt loop, and the other to the
       chair leg or underside. If they are sitting on a plastic chair,
       the chair will spring up when they stand up, and fall over, making
       a loud clatter. Better yet, though, if they're sitting near a wall
       fixture, just attach them to that.

   99. Shake up somebody's can of soda before they drink it.

   100. Loosen the tops on the salt and pepper shakers at a restaurant.

   101. Take a cheap ball point pen, and bend it sharply to break open
       the ink well, or open the pen up and cut the ink well open. Lend
       this pen to somebody.

 
    30 Fun Things to do When Driving (author unkown)
---------------------------------------------------------
 
   1. Vary your vehicle's speed inversely with the speed limit.
   2. Roll down your windows and blast talk radio. Attempt to headbang.
   3. At stop lights, eye the person in the next car suspiciously. With a
      look of fear, lock your doors.
   4. Two words: Chicken suit.
   5. Write the words "Help me" on your back window in red paint. The more
      it looks like blood, the better.
   6. Have conversations, looking periodically at the passenger seat, when
      driving alone.
   7. Laugh a lot. A whole lot.
   8. Stop at the green lights.
   9. Go at the red ones.
  10. Occasionally wave a stuffed animal/troll doll/Barbie out your window
      or sunroof. Feel free to make it dance.
  11. Eat food that requires silverware.
  12. Pass cars, then drive very slowly.
  13. Sing without having the radio on.
  14. Honk frequently without motivation.
  15. Wave at people often. If they wave back, offer an angry look and an
      obscene gesture.
  16. Ask people for Grey Poupon.
  17. Let pedestrians know who's boss.
  18. Look behind you frequently, with a very paranoid look.
  19. Restart your car at every stop light.
  20. Hang numerous car-fresheners in the rear-view mirror. Talk to them,
      stroking them lovingly.
  21. Lob burning things in the windows of smokers who throw their butts out
      the window.
  22. While stopped at a light, urinate out the window/sunroof onto other cars.
  23. Paint your car with occult symbols.
  24. Keep at least five cats in the car.
  25. Have some passengers in the back who are having wild, noisy sex.
  26. Root (cheer, not snuffle in the mud) for firetrucks.
  27. Stop and collect roadkill.
  28. Stop and pray to roadkill.
  29. Throw Spam.
  30. Get in the fast lane and gradually ... slow ... down ... to a stop.
      Then get out and watch the cars. Throw Spam at them.
 


Newsgroups: alt.folklore.computers
From: eigenstr@cs.rose-hulman.edu (Todd R. Eigenschink)
Subject: 10 Commandments (annotated) (legible version)
Message-ID: <EIGENSTR.93May17202516@ace.cs.rose-hulman.edu>
Organization: Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology
Date: 17 May 93 20:25:16
Lines: 232

I've receieved a couple dozen requests already; I anticipate more.
For the sake of simplicity, I'm just going to post it.  Here 'tis:


		The Ten Commandments for C Programmers
			 (Annotated Edition)
			    Henry Spencer


I   Thou shalt run lint frequently and study its pronouncements with
    care, for verily its perception and judgement oft exceed thine.

    	This is still wise counsel, although many modern compilers
    	search out many of the same sins, and there are often problems
    	with lint being aged and infirm, or unavailable in strange
    	lands.  There are other tools, such as Saber C, useful to
    	similar ends.

    	``Frequently'' means thou shouldst draw thy daily guidance
    	from it, rather than hoping thy code will achieve lint's
    	blessing by a sudden act of repentance at the last minute.
    	De-linting a program which has never been linted before is
    	often a cleaning of the stables such as thou wouldst not wish
    	on thy worst enemies.  Some observe, also, that careful heed
    	to the words of lint can be quite helpful in debugging.

    	``Study'' doth not mean mindless zeal to eradicate every byte
    	of lint output--if for no other reason, because thou just
    	canst not shut it up about some things--but that thou should
    	know the cause of its unhappiness and understand what
    	worrisome sign it tries to speak of.

II  Thou shalt not follow the NULL pointer, for chaos and madness await
    thee at its end.

    	Clearly the holy scriptures were mis-transcribed here, as the
    	words should have been ``null pointer'', to minimize confusion
    	between the concept of null pointers and the macro NULL (of
    	which more anon).  Otherwise, the meaning is plain.  A null
    	pointer points to regions filled with dragons, demons, core
    	dumps, and numberless other foul creatures, all of which
    	delight in frolicing in thy program if thou disturb their
    	sleep.  A null pointer doth not point to a 0 of any type,
    	despite some blasphemous old code which impiously assumes
        this.

III  Thou shalt cast all function arguments to the expected type if
     they are not of that type already, even when thou art convinced
     that this is unnecessary, lest they take cruel vengeance upon
     thee when thou least expect it.

    	A programmer should understand the type structure of his
    	language, lest great misfortune befall him.  Contrary to the
    	heresies espoused by some of the dwellers on the Western
    	Shore, `int' and `long' are not the same type.  The moment of
    	their equivalence in size and representation is short, and the
    	agony that awaits believers in their interchangeability shall
    	last forever and ever once 64-bit machines become common.

    	Also, contrary to the beliefs common among the more backward
    	inhabitants of the Polluted Eastern Marshes, `NULL' does not
    	have a pointer type, and must be cast to the correct type
    	whenever it is used as a function argument.

    	(The words of the prophet Ansi, which permit NULL to be
    	defined as having the type `void *', are oft taken out of
    	context and misunderstood.  The prophet was granting a special
    	dispensation for use in cases of great hardship in wild lands.
    	Verily, a righteous program must make its own way through the
    	Thicket Of Types without lazily relying on this
    	rarely-available dispensation to solve all its problems.  In
    	any event, the great deity Dmr who created C hath wisely
    	endowed it with many types of pointers, not just one, and thus
    	it would still be necessary to convert the prophet's NULL to
    	the desired type.)

    	It may be thought that the radical new blessing of
    	``prototypes'' might eliminate the need for caution about
    	argument types.  Not so, brethren.  Firstly, when confronted
    	with the twisted strangeness of variable numbers of arguments,
    	the problem returns...  and he who has not kept his faith
    	strong by repeated practice shall surely fall to this subtle
    	trap.  Secondly, the wise men have observed that reliance on
    	prototypes doth open many doors to strange errors, and some
    	indeed had hoped that prototypes would be decreed for purposes
    	of error checking but would not cause implicit conversions.
    	Lastly, reliance on prototypes causeth great difficulty in the
    	Real World today, when many cling to the old ways and the old
    	compilers out of desire or necessity, and no man knoweth what
    	machine his code may be asked to run on tomorrow.

IV  If thy header files fail to declare the return types of thy library
    functions, thou shalt declare them thyself with the most
    meticulous care, lest grievous harm befall thy program.

    	The prophet Ansi, in her wisdom, hath added that thou shouldst
    	also scourge thy Suppliers, and demand on pain of
    	excommunication that they produce header files that declare
    	their library functions.  For truly, only they know the
    	precise form of the incantation appropriate to invoking their
    	magic in the optimal way.

    	The prophet hath also commented that it is unwise, and leads
    	one into the pits of damnation and subtle bugs, to attempt to
    	declare such functions thyself when thy header files do the
    	job right.

V   Thou shalt check the array bounds of all strings (indeed, all
    arrays), for surely where thou typest ``foo'' someone someday
    shall type ``supercalifragilisticexpialidocious''.

    	As demonstrated by the deeds of the Great Worm, a consequence
    	of this commandment is that robust production software should
    	never make use of gets(), for it is truly a tool of the Devil.
    	Thy interfaces should always inform thy servants of the bounds
    	of thy arrays, and servants who spurn such advice or quietly
    	fail to follow it should be dispatched forthwith to the Land
    	Of Rm, where they can do no further harm to thee.

VI  If a function be advertised to return an error code in the event
    of difficulties, thou shalt check for that code, yea, even though
    the checks triple the size of thy code and produce aches in thy
    typing fingers, for if thou thinkest ``it cannot happen to me'',
    the gods shall surely punish thee for thy arrogance.

    	All true believers doth wish for a better error-handling
    	mechanism, for explicit checks of return codes are tiresome in
    	the extreme and the temptation to omit them is great.  But
    	until the far-off day of deliverance cometh, one must walk the
    	long and winding road with patience and care, for thy Vendor,
    	thy Machine, and thy Software delight in surprises and think
    	nothing of producing subtly meaningless results on the day
    	before thy Thesis Oral or thy Big Pitch To The Client.

    	Occasionally, as with the ferror() feature of stdio, it is
    	possible to defer error checking until the end when a
    	cumulative result can be tested, and this often produceth code
    	which is shorter and clearer.  Also, even the most zealous
    	believer should exercise some judgement when dealing with
    	functions whose failure is totally uninteresting...  but
    	beware, for the cast to void is a two-edged sword that
    	sheddeth thine own blood without remorse.

VII  Thou shalt study thy libraries and strive not to reinvent them
     without cause, that thy code may be short and readable and thy
     days pleasant and productive.

    	Numberless are the unwashed heathen who scorn their libraries
    	on various silly and spurious grounds, such as blind worship
    	of the Little Tin God (also known as ``Efficiency'').  While
    	it is true that some features of the C libraries were
    	ill-advised, by and large it is better and cheaper to use the
    	works of others than to persist in re-inventing the square
    	wheel.  But thou should take the greatest of care to
    	understand what thy libraries promise, and what they do not,
    	lest thou rely on facilities that may vanish from under thy
    	feet in the future.

VIII  Thou shalt make thy program's purpose and structure clear to thy
      fellow man by using the One True Brace Style, even if thou
      likest it not, for thy creativity is better used in solving
      problems than in creating beautiful new impediments to
      understanding.

    	These words, alas, have caused some uncertainty among the
    	novices and the converts, who knoweth not the ancient wisdoms.
    	The One True Brace Style referred to is that demonstrated in
    	the writings of the First Prophets, Kernighan and Ritchie.
    	Often and again it is criticized by the ignorant as hard to
    	use, when in truth it is merely somewhat difficult to learn,
    	and thereafter is wonderfully clear and obvious, if perhaps a
    	bit sensitive to mistakes.

    	While thou might think that thine own ideas of brace style
    	lead to clearer programs, thy successors will not thank thee
    	for it, but rather shall revile thy works and curse thy name,
    	and word of this might get to thy next employer.  Many customs
    	in this life persist because they ease friction and promote
    	productivity as a result of universal agreement, and whether
    	they are precisely the optimal choices is much less important.
    	So it is with brace style.

    	As a lamentable side issue, there has been some unrest from
    	the fanatics of the Pronoun Gestapo over the use of the word
    	``man'' in this Commandment, for they believe that great
    	efforts and loud shouting devoted to the ritual purification
    	of the language will somehow redound to the benefit of the
    	downtrodden (whose real and grievous woes tendeth to get lost
    	amidst all that thunder and fury).  When preaching the gospel
    	to the narrow of mind and short of temper, the word
    	``creature'' may be substituted as a suitable pseudoBiblical
    	term free of the taint of Political Incorrectness.

IX  Thy external identifiers shall be unique in the first six
    characters, though this harsh discipline be irksome and the years
    of its necessity stretch before thee seemingly without end, lest
    thou tear thy hair out and go mad on that fateful day when thou
    desirest to make thy program run on an old system.

    	Though some hasty zealots cry ``not so; the Millenium is come,
    	and this saying is obsolete and no longer need be supported'',
    	verily there be many, many ancient systems in the world, and
    	it is the decree of the dreaded god Murphy that thy next
    	employment just might be on one.  While thou sleepest, he
    	plotteth against thee.  Awake and take care.

    	It is, note carefully, not necessary that thy identifiers be
    	limited to a length of six characters.  The only requirement
    	that the holy words place upon thee is uniqueness within the
    	first six.  This often is not so hard as the belittlers
    	claimeth.

X   Thou shalt foreswear, renounce, and abjure the vile heresy which
    claimeth that ``All the world's a VAX'', and have no commerce with
    the benighted heathens who cling to this barbarous belief, that
    the days of thy program may be long even though the days of thy
    current machine be short.

    	This particular heresy bids fair to be replaced by ``All the
    	world's a Sun'' or ``All the world's a 386'' (this latter
    	being a particularly revolting invention of Satan), but the
    	words apply to all such without limitation.  Beware, in
    	particular, of the subtle and terrible ``All the world's a
    	32-bit machine'', which is almost true today but shall cease
    	to be so before thy resume grows too much longer.

Dec. 14, 1995

My Dearest Peter,
The cute little partridge arrived a little while ago, and the pear 
tree sapling came a little while later. I'm not sure of the
connection, but I love them.

Love always,
Dori

 - - - - - -

Dec 15, 1995

Dearest Peter,
Today the postman brought your very sweet gift. Just imagine, two 
turtle doves. I'm just delighted at your thoughtful gift. They are 
adorable.

All my love,=20
Dori

- - - - - - -

Dec. 16, 1995

Dearest Peter,

Aren't you the extravagent one. Now, I really must protest. I don't
deserve such generosity, three French hens. They are just darling, but
I must insist, you are too kind.

Love,
Dori

 - - - - - -

Dec 17, 1995

Dearest Peter,
Today the postman delivered four calling birds. Now really, they are
quite beautiful, but don't you think enough is enough? You are being
too romantic.

Affectionately,
Dori

- - - - - - -

Dec. 18, 1995

Dearest Peter,
What a surprise! Today the postman delivered five golden rings - one
for each finger. You are just impossible, but I love it. Frankly, all
those birds squawking were beginning to get on my nerves.

All my love,
Dori

- - - - - - -

Dec. 19, 1995

Dear Peter,
When I opened the door, there were actually six geese-a-laying on my
front step. So your back to the birds again, huh? These geese are
huge! Where will I keep them? The neighbors are complaining and I
can't get any sleep through all the racket. Please stop.

Cordially,
Dori

- - - - - - -

Dec 20, 1995

Pete,
What is it with you and those fucking birds? Seven swans-a-swimming. 
What kind of god-damned joke is this? There is bird shit all over my
house, and they never stop with the racket. I can't sleep at night and
I'm a nervous wreck. It's not funny, so stop with those fucking birds.

Sincerely,
Dori

- - - - - - -

Dec. 21, 1995

O.K. Buster,
I think I prefer the birds. What the hell am I going to do with 
eight maids-a-milking? It's not enough with all those birds and eight
maids-a-milking, but they brought along their goddamned cows. There is
shit all over my lawn, and I can't move around in my own house.

Just lay off me,
Dori

 - - - - - -

Dec. 22, 1995

Hey Shithead,
What are you? Some kind of sadist? Now there's nine pipers playing,
and do they play. They've never stopped chasing those maids since they
got here. The cows are getting upset and they're stepping all over
those screeching birds. What am I going to do? The neighbors have
started a petition to evict me.

You'll get yours,
Dori

- - - - - - -

Dec. 23, 1995

You Rotten Prick,
Now there are ten ladies dancing. I don't know why they call these 
sluts ladies. They've been balling those pipers all night long. Now
the cows can't sleep and they've got diarrhea. My living room is a
river of shit.  The Commissioner of Buildings has subpeoned me to give
cause why the building shouldn't be condemned. I'm siccing the police
in you.

One who means it!

- - - - - - -

Dec. 24, 1995

Listen Fuckhead,
What's with the eleven lords-a-leaping on those maids and ladies. 
Some of those broads will never walk again. Those pipers ran through
the maids and are committing sodomy with the cows. All 23 of the birds
are dead. They've been trampled to death in the orgy. I hope you're
satisfied you rotten bastard.

Your sworn enemy.
- - - - - - -

Dec. 26, 1995

Dear Sir,
This is to acknowledge your latest gift of twelve drummers drumming,
which you have seen fit to inflict upon our client, Miss Dori
Drawers.The destruction, of course, was total. All further
correspondence should come to our attention. If you should attempt to
reach Miss Drawers at the Happy Dale Sanitarium, the attendants have
instructions to shoot you on sight. With this letter, please find a
warrant for your arrest.

The Top 25 Rejected Children's Books
25  The Boy Who Died From Eating All His Vegetables
24  The Care Bears Maul Some Campers and Are Shot Dead
23  Nancy Drew, The Hardy Boys, and The Vice Squad
22  Daddy Loses His Job and Finds the Bottle
21  Clifford the Big Red Dog Is Put To Sleep
20  Where in the New York Area is Jimmy Hoffa?
19  The Unabomber Pop-Up Manifesto and Coloring Book      
18  The Frog Formerly Known as Prince      
17  Alice in WonderBraLand      
16  The Legend of Three-Card Monte
15  40 Whacks: Counting With Lizzie
14  The Little Engine That Could, If Only That Damned Gout Would Go Away      13  Girls Are From Venus, Boys Are From Cootieland
12  Where the Wildings Are      
11  The Little Big Book of Necrophelia
10  The J. Edgar Hoover Dress-Up Book
9  Joe Camel and The Magic Cancer Stick        
8  The Crack House at Pooh Corner
7  The Dummy's Guide to Crying
6  When Mommy Leaves Daddy, And What You Did to Cause It       
5  Where's Waldo's Weewee?
4  The Dyslexic's Big Anagram Book
3  Barney's Bleeding and Nobody Can Help
2  Things Rich Kids Have, But You Never Will              
and the Number One Rejected Children's Book...
1 Furious George Delivers the Mail

??



 

 




SECOND TREATISE OF GOVERNMENT by JOHN LOCKE

Digitized by Dave Gowan 
<dgowan@freenet.scri.fsu.edu>

John Locke's "Second Treatise of Government" was published in 1690.  
The complete unabridged text has been republished several times in 
edited commentaries. This is based on the paperback book, "John 
Locke Second Treatise of Government", Edited, with an Introduction, 
By C.B. McPherson, Hackett Publishing Company, Indianapolis and 
Cambridge, 1980. None of the McPherson edition is included in the 
Etext; only the original words contained in the 1690 Locke text is 
included. The 1690 edition text is free of copyright.  

This text is in the PUBLIC DOMAIN, posted to Wiretap 1 Jul 94.





             TWO TREATISES OF GOVERNMENT

                   BY IOHN LOCKE


            SALUS POPULI SUPREMA LEX ESTO




              LONDON PRINTED MDCLXXXVIIII

      REPRINTED, THE SIXTH TIME, BY A. MILLAR, H.
      WOODFALL, 1.  WHISTON AND  B. WHITE, 1. RI-
      VINGTON, L. DAVIS AND  C. REYMERS, R. BALD-
      WIN,  HAWES  CLARKE  AND  COLLINS; W. IOHN-
      STON,  W. OWEN, 1.  RICHARDSON, S. CROWDER,
      T.  LONGMAN,  B.  LAW,   C.  RIVINGTON,  E.
      DILLY,  R. WITHY, C. AND R. WARE, S, BAKER,
         T. PAYNE, A. SHUCKBURGH, 1. HINXMAN

                     MDCCLXIIII






 
           TWO  TREATISES OF GOVERNMENT.
           IN THE FORMER THE FALSE PRIN-
           CIPLES AND  FOUNDATION OF SIR
           ROBERT  FILMER  AND  HIS FOL-
           LOWERS   ARE   DETECTED   AND
                    OVERTHROWN.
           THE  LATTER IS  AN ESSAY CON-
           CERNING  THE  TRUE  ORIGINAL
           EXTENT  AND  END  OF  CIVIL
                    GOVERNMENT.




                1764 EDITOR'S NOTE

The present Edition of this Book has not only been collated with 
the first three Editions, which were published during the 
Author's Life, but also has the Advantage of his last Corrections 
and  Improvements, from a Copy delivered by him to Mr. Peter 
Coste, communicated  to  the  Editor,  and  now lodged in Christ 
College, Cambridge.




                             PREFACE

Reader, thou hast here the beginning and end of a discourse 
concerning government; what fate has otherwise disposed of the 
papers that should have filled up the middle, and were more than 
all the rest, it is not worth while to tell thee.  These, which 
remain, I hope are sufficient to establish the throne of our 
great restorer, our present King William; to make good his title, 
in the consent of the people, which being the only one of all 
lawful governments, he has more fully and clearly, than any 
prince in Christendom; and to justify to the world the people of 
England, whose love of their just and natural rights, with their 
resolution to preserve them, saved the nation when it was on the 
very brink of slavery and ruin.  If these papers have that 
evidence, I flatter myself is to be found in them, there will be 
no great miss of those which are lost, and my reader may be 
satisfied without them: for I imagine, I shall have neither the 
time, nor inclination to repeat my pains, and fill up the wanting 
part of my answer, by tracing Sir Robert again, through all the 
windings and obscurities, which are to be met with in the several 
branches of his wonderful system.  The king, and body of the 
nation, have since so thoroughly confuted his Hypothesis, that I 
suppose no body hereafter will have either the confidence to 
appear against our common safety, and be again an advocate for 
slavery; or the weakness to be deceived with contradictions 
dressed up in a popular stile, and well-turned periods: for if 
any one will be at the pains, himself, in those parts, which are 
here untouched, to strip Sir Robert's discourses of the flourish 
of doubtful expressions, and endeavour to reduce his words to 
direct, positive, intelligible propositions, and then compare 
them one with another, he will quickly be satisfied, there was 
never so much glib nonsense put together in well-sounding 
English.  If he think it not worth while to examine his works all 
thro', let him make an experiment in that part, where he treats 
of usurpation; and let him try, whether he can, with all his 
skill, make Sir Robert intelligible, and consistent with himself, 
or common sense.  I should not speak so plainly of a gentleman, 
long since past answering, had not the pulpit, of late years, 
publicly owned his doctrine, and made it the current divinity of 
the times.  It is necessary those men, who taking on them to be 
teachers, have so dangerously misled others, should  be  openly  
shewed  of  what authority this their Patriarch is, whom they 
have so blindly followed, that so they may either retract what 
upon so ill grounds they have vented, and cannot be maintained; 
or else justify those principles which they preached up for 
gospel; though they had no better an author than an English 
courtier: for I should not have writ against Sir Robert, or taken 
the pains to shew his mistakes, inconsistencies, and want of 
(what he so much boasts of, and pretends wholly to build on) 
scripture-proofs, were there not men amongst us, who, by crying 
up his books, and espousing his doctrine, save me from the 
reproach of writing against a dead adversary.  They have been so 
zealous in this point, that, if I have done him any wrong, I 
cannot hope they should spare me.  I wish, where they have done 
the truth and the public wrong, they would be as ready to redress 
it, and allow its just weight to this reflection, viz. that there 
cannot be done a greater mischief to prince and people, than the 
propagating wrong notions concerning government; that so at last 
all times might not have reason to complain of the Drum 
Ecclesiastic.  If any one, concerned really for truth, undertake 
the confutation of my Hypothesis, I promise him either to recant  
my mistake, upon fair conviction; or to answer his difficulties.  
But he must remember two things.

     First, That cavilling here and there, at some expression, or 
little incident of my discourse, is not an answer to my book.

     Secondly, That I shall not take railing for arguments, nor 
think either of these worth my notice, though I shall always look 
on myself as bound to give satisfaction to any one, who shall 
appear to be conscientiously scrupulous in the point, and shall 
shew any just grounds for his scruples.

     I have nothing more, but to advertise the reader, that 
Observations stands for Observations on Hobbs, Milton, &c. and 
that a bare quotation of pages always means pages of his 
Patriarcha, Edition 1680.



                        OF CIVIL-GOVERNMENT

                             Book II

Chap. I. Sect. 1. It having been shewn in the foregoing 
discourse,
     1. That Adam had not, either by natural right of 
fatherhood, or by positive donation from God, any  such  
authority  over  his children, or dominion over the world, as is 
pretended:
     2. That if he had, his heirs, yet, had no right to it:
     3. That if his heirs had, there being no law of nature nor 
positive law of God that determines which is the right heir in 
all cases that may arise, the right of succession, and 
consequently of bearing rule, could not have been certainly 
determined:
     4. That if even that had been determined, yet the knowledge 
of which is the eldest line of Adam's posterity, being so long 
since utterly lost, that in the races of mankind and families of 
the world, there remains not to one above another, the least 
pretence to be the eldest house, and to have the right of 
inheritance:
    All these premises having, as I think, been clearly made out, 
it is impossible that the rulers now on earth should make any 
benefit, or derive any the least shadow of authority from that, 
which is held to be the fountain of all power, Adam's private 
dominion and paternal jurisdiction; so that he that will not 
give just occasion to think that all government in the world is 
the product only of force and violence, and that men live 
together by no other rules but that of beasts, where the 
strongest carries it, and so lay a foundation for perpetual 
disorder and mischief, tumult, sedition and rebellion, (things 
that the followers of that hypothesis so loudly cry out against) 
must of necessity find out another rise of government, another 
original of political power, and another way of designing and 
knowing the persons that have it, than what Sir Robert Filmer 
hath taught us.
     Sect. 2. To this purpose, I think it may not be amiss, to 
set down what I take to be political power; that the power of a 
MAGISTRATE over a subject may be distinguished from that of a 
FATHER over his children, a MASTER over his servant, a HUSBAND 
over his wife, and a LORD over his slave.  All which distinct 
powers happening sometimes together in the same man, if he be 
considered under these different relations, it may help us to 
distinguish these powers one from wealth, a father of a family, 
and a captain of a galley.
     Sect. 3. POLITICAL POWER, then, I take to be a RIGHT of 
making laws with penalties of death, and consequently all less 
penalties, for the regulating and preserving of property, and of 
employing the force of the community, in the execution of such 
laws, and in the defence of the common-wealth from foreign 
injury; and all this only for the public good.




                           C H A P. I I.

                    Of the State of Nature.

     Sect. 4. TO understand political power right, and derive it 
from its original, we must consider, what state all men are 
naturally in, and that is, a state of perfect freedom to order 
their actions, and dispose of their possessions and persons, as 
they think fit, within the bounds of the law of nature, without 
asking leave, or depending upon the will of any other man.
     A state also of equality, wherein all the power and 
jurisdiction is reciprocal, no one having more than another; 
there being nothing more evident, than that creatures of the same 
species and rank, promiscuously born to all the same advantages 
of nature, and the use of the same faculties, should also be 
equal one amongst another without subordination or subjection, 
unless the lord and master of them all should, by any manifest 
declaration of his will, set one above another, and confer on 
him, by an evident and clear appointment, an undoubted right to 
dominion and sovereignty.
     Sect. 5. This equality of men by nature, the judicious 
Hooker looks upon as so evident in itself, and beyond all 
question, that he makes it the foundation of that obligation to 
mutual love amongst men, on which he builds the duties they owe 
one another, and from whence he derives the great maxims of 
justice and charity. His words are,
     The like natural inducement hath brought men to know 
   that it is no less their duty, to love others than 
   themselves; for seeing those things which are equal, must 
   needs all have one measure; if I cannot but wish to 
   receive good, even as much at every man's hands, as any 
   man can wish unto his own soul, how should I look to have 
   any part of my desire herein satisfied, unless myself be 
   careful to satisfy the like desire, which is undoubtedly 
   in other men, being of one and the same nature? To have 
   any thing offered them repugnant to this desire, must 
   needs in all respects grieve them as much as me; so that 
   if I do harm, I must look to suffer, there being no 
   reason that others should shew greater measure of love 
   to me, than they have by me shewed unto them: my desire 
   therefore to be loved of my equals in nature as much as 
   possible may be, imposeth upon  me  a  natural duty of 
   bearing to them-ward fully the like affection; from which 
   relation of equality between ourselves and them that are  
   as ourselves, what several rules and canons natural 
   reason  hath drawn, for direction of life, no man is 
   ignorant, Eccl. Pol. Lib. 1.
     Sect. 6. But though this be a state of liberty, yet it is 
not a state of licence: though man in that state have an 
uncontroulable liberty to dispose of his person or possessions, 
yet he has not liberty  to destroy himself, or so much as any 
creature in his possession, but where some nobler use than its 
bare preservation calls for it.  The state of nature has a law 
of nature to govern it, which obliges every one: and reason, 
which is that law, teaches all mankind, who will but consult it, 
that being all equal and independent, no one ought to harm 
another in his life, health, liberty, or possessions: for men 
being all the workmanship of one  omnipotent,  and  infinitely  
wise maker; all the servants of one sovereign master, sent into 
the world by his order, and about his business; they are his 
property, whose workmanship they are, made to last during his, 
not one  another's pleasure: and being furnished with like 
faculties, sharing all in one community of nature,  there  cannot  
be  supposed  any such  subordination among us, that may 
authorize us to destroy one another, as if we were made for one 
another's uses, as the inferior ranks of creatures are for our's.  
Every one, as he is bound  to  preserve himself, and not to 
quit his station wilfully, so by the like reason, when his own 
preservation comes not in competition, ought he,  as much as he 
can, to preserve the rest of mankind, and  may  not, unless it 
be to do justice on an offender, take away, or impair the life, 
or what tends to the preservation of the life, the liberty, 
health, limb, or goods of another.
    Sect. 7.  And that all men may be restrained from invading 
others rights, and from doing hurt to one another, and the law of 
nature be observed, which willeth the peace and preservation of 
all mankind, the execution of the law of nature is, in that 
state, put into every man's hands, whereby every one has a right 
to punish the  transgressors of that law to such a degree, as may 
hinder its violation: for the law of nature would, as all other 
laws that concern men in this world 'be in vain, if there were no 
body that in the state of nature had a power to execute that 
law, and thereby preserve the innocent and restrain offenders.  
And if any one in the state of nature may punish another for any 
evil he has done, every one may do so: for in that state of 
perfect equality, where naturally there is no superiority or 
jurisdiction of one over another, what any may do in prosecution 
of that law, every one must needs have a right to do.      
     Sect. 8. And thus, in the state of nature, one man comes by 
a power over another; but yet no absolute or arbitrary power, to 
use a criminal, when he has got him in his hands, according to 
the passionate heats, or boundless extravagancy of his own will; 
but only to retribute to him, so far as calm reason and 
conscience dictate, what is proportionate to his transgression, 
which is so much as may serve for reparation and restraint: 
for these two are the only reasons, why one man may lawfully do 
harm to another, which is that we call punishment. In 
transgressing the law of nature, the offender declares himself to 
live by another rule than that of reason and common equity, which 
is that measure God has set to the actions of men, for their 
mutual security; and so  he  becomes dangerous to mankind, the 
tye, which is to secure them from injury and violence, being 
slighted and broken by him.  Which being a trespass against the 
whole species, and the peace and safety of it, provided for by 
the law of nature, every man upon this score, by the right he 
hath to preserve mankind in general, may restrain, or where it is 
necessary, destroy things noxious to them, and so may bring such 
evil on any one, who hath transgressed that law, as may make him 
repent the doing of it, and thereby deter him, and by his example 
others, from doing the like mischief.  And in the case, and upon 
this ground, EVERY MAN HATH A RIGHT TO PUNISH THE OFFENDER, AND 
BE EXECUTIONER OF THE LAW OF NATURE.
     Sect. 9. 1 doubt not but this will seem a very strange 
doctrine to some men: but before they condemn it, I desire them 
to resolve me, by what right any prince or state can put to 
death, or punish an alien, for any crime he commits in their 
country.  It is certain their laws, by virtue of any sanction 
they receive from the promulgated will of the legislative, reach 
not a stranger: they speak not to him, nor, if they did, is he 
bound to hearken to them.  The legislative authority, by which 
they are in force over the subjects of that commonwealth, hath no 
power over him.   Those  who  have  the supreme power of making 
laws in England, France or Holland, are to an Indian, but 
like the rest of the world, men without authority: and therefore, 
if by the law of nature every man hath not a power to punish 
offences against it, as he soberly judges the case to require, I 
see not how the magistrates of any community can punish an 
alien of another country; since, in reference to him, they can 
have no more power than what every man naturally may have over 
another.
     Sect, 10. Besides the crime which consists in violating the 
law, and varying from the right rule of reason, whereby a man so  
far becomes degenerate, and declares himself to quit the 
principles of human nature, and to be a noxious creature, there 
is commonly injury done to some person or other, and some other 
man receives damage by his transgression: in which case he who 
hath received any damage, has, besides the right of punishment 
common to him with other men, a particular right to seek 
reparation from him that has done it: and any other person, who 
finds it just, may also join with him that is injured, and assist 
him in recovering from the offender so much as may make 
satisfaction for the harm he has suffered.
     Sect. 11. From these two distinct rights, the one of 
punishing the crime for restraint, and preventing the like 
offence, which right of punishing is in every body; the other of 
taking reparation, which belongs only to the injured party, 
comes it to pass that the magistrate, who by being magistrate 
hath the common  right  of punishing put into his hands, can 
often, where the public good demands not the execution of the 
law, remit the punishment of criminal offences by his own 
authority, but yet cannot remit the satisfaction due to any 
private man for the damage he has received.  That, he who has 
suffered the damage has a right to demand in his own name, and he 
alone can remit: the damnified person has this power of 
appropriating to himself the goods or service of the offender, 
by right of self-preservation, as every man has a power to 
punish the crime, to prevent its being committed again, by the 
right he has of preserving all mankind, and doing all reasonable 
things he can in order to that end: and thus it is, that every 
man, in the state of nature, has a power to kill a murderer, both 
to deter others from doing the like injury, which no reparation 
can compensate, by the example of the punishment that attends it 
from every body, and also to secure men from the attempts of a 
criminal, who having renounced reason, the common rule and 
measure God hath given to mankind, hath, by the unjust violence 
and slaughter he hath committed upon one, declared war against 
all mankind, and therefore may be destroyed as a lion or a 
tyger, one of those wild savage beasts, with whom men can have 
no society nor security: and upon this is grounded that great law 
of nature, Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be 
shed. And Cain was so fully convinced, that every one had a 
right to destroy such a criminal, that after the murder of his 
brother, he cries out, Every one that findeth me, shall slay 
me; so plain was it writ in the hearts of all mankind.
     Sect. 12. By the same reason may a man in the state of 
nature punish the lesser breaches of that law.  It will perhaps 
be demanded, with death? I answer, each transgression may be 
punished to that degree, and with so much severity, as will 
suffice to make it an ill bargain to the offender, give him cause 
to repent, and terrify others from doing the like.  Every 
offence, that can be committed in the state of nature, may in the 
state of nature be also punished equally, and as far forth as it 
may, in a commonwealth: for though it would be besides my present 
purpose, to enter here into the particulars of the law of nature, 
or its measures of punishment; yet, it is certain there is such 
a law, and that too, as intelligible and plain to a rational 
creature, and a studier of that law, as the positive laws of 
commonwealths; nay, possibly plainer; as much as reason is easier 
to be understood, than the fancies and intricate contrivances of 
men, following contrary and hidden interests put into words; for 
so truly are a great part of the municipal laws of countries, 
which are only so far right, as they are founded on the law of 
nature, by which they are to be regulated and interpreted.  

     Sect. 13. To this strange doctrine, viz. That in the 
state of nature every one has the executive power of the law of 
nature, I doubt not but it will be objected, that it is 
unreasonable for men to be judges in their own cases, that self-
love will make men partial to themselves and their friends: and 
on the other side, that ill nature, passion and revenge will 
carry them too far in punishing others; and  hence nothing but 
confusion and disorder will follow, and that therefore God hath 
certainly appointed government to restrain the partiality and 
violence of men.  I easily grant, that civil government is the 
proper remedy for the inconveniencies of the state of nature, 
which must certainly be great, where men may be judges in their 
own case, since it is easy to be imagined, that he who was so 
unjust as to do his brother an injury, will scarce be so just as 
to condemn himself for it: but I shall desire those who make this 
objection, to remember, that absolute monarchs are but men; and 
if government is to be  the remedy of those evils, which 
necessarily follow from men's being judges in their own cases, 
and the state of nature is therefore not to how much better it is 
than the state of nature, where one man, commanding a multitude, 
has the liberty to be judge in his own case, and may do to all 
his subjects whatever he pleases, without the least liberty to 
any one to question or controul those who execute his pleasure7 
and in whatsoever he  cloth,  whether  led  by  reason, mistake 
or passion, must be submitted to7 much better it is in the state 
of nature, wherein men are not bound to submit to the unjust will 
of another: and if he that judges, judges amiss in his own, or 
any other case, he is answerable for it to the rest of mankind.
     Sect. 14. It is often asked as a mighty objection, where 
are, or ever were there any men in such a state of nature? To 
which it may suffice as an answer at present, that since all 
princes and rulers of independent governments all through the 
world, are in a  state  of nature, it is plain the world never 
was, nor ever will be, without numbers of men in that state.  I 
have named all governors of independent communities, whether 
they are, or are  not,  in  league with others: for it is not 
every compact that puts an end to the state of nature between 
men, but only this one  of  agreeing  together mutually to enter 
into one community, and make one body politic; other promises, 
and compacts, men  may  make  one  with  another, and yet still 
be in the state of nature.  The promises and bargains for truck, 
&c. between the two men in the desert island, mentioned by 
Garcilasso de la Vega, in his history of Peru; or between a 
Swiss and an Indian, in the woods of America, are binding 
to them, though they are perfectly in a state of nature, in 
reference to one another: for truth and keeping of faith belongs 
to men, as men, and not as members of society.
     Sect. 15. To those that say, there were never any men in the 
state of nature, I will not only oppose the authority  of  the  
judicious Hooker, Eccl. Pol. lib. i. sect. 10, where he says, 
The laws which have been hitherto mentioned, i.e. the laws of 
nature, do bind men absolutely, even as they are men, although 
they have never any settled fellowship, never  any  solemn  
agreement  amongst  themselves what to do, or not to do: but 
forasmuch as we are not by ourselves sufficient to furnish 
ourselves with competent store of things, needful for such a life 
as our nature doth desire, a life fit for the dignity of man; 
therefore to supply those defects and imperfections which are in 
us, as living single and solely by ourselves, we are naturally 
induced to seek communion and fellowship with  others:  this  was 
the cause of men's uniting themselves at first in politic 
societies.  But I moreover affirm, that all men are  naturally  
in  that  state,  and  remain so, till by their own consents they 
make themselves members of some politic society; and I doubt not 
in the sequel of this discourse, to make it very clear.  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                          C H A P. I I I.
                                
                     Of the State of War.

     16. THE state of war is a state of enmity and 
destruction: and therefore declaring by word or action, not a 
passionate and hasty, but a sedate settled design upon another 
man's life, puts him in a state of war with him against whom he 
has declared such an intention, and so has exposed his life to 
the other's power to be taken away by him, or any one that joins 
with him in his defence, and espouses his quarrel; it being 
reasonable and just, I should have a right to destroy that which 
threatens me with destruction: for, by the fundamental law of 
nature, man being to be preserved as much as possible, when all 
cannot be preserved, the safety of the innocent is to be 
preferred: and one may destroy a man who makes war upon him, or 
has discovered an enmity to his being, for the same reason that 
he may kill a wolf or a lion; because such men are not under 
the ties of the commonlaw of reason, have no other rule, but that 
of force and violence, and so may be treated as beasts of prey, 
those dangerous and noxious creatures, that will be sure to 
destroy him whenever he falls into their power.
     Sect, 17. And hence it is, that he who attempts to get 
another man into his absolute power, does thereby put himself 
into a state of war with him; it being to be understood as a 
declaration of a design upon his life: for I have reason to 
conclude, that he who would get me into his power without my 
consent, would use me as he pleased when he had got me there, and 
destroy me too when he had a fancy to it; for no body can desire 
to have me in his absolute power, unless it be to compel me by 
force to that which is against the right of my freedom, i.e. 
make me a slave.  To be free from such force is the only security 
of my preservation; and reason bids me look on him, as an enemy 
to my preservation, who would take away that freedom which is 
the fence to it; so that he who makes an attempt to enslave me, 
thereby puts himself into a state of war with me.  He that, in 
the state of nature, would take away the freedom that belongs 
to any one in that state, must necessarily be supposed to have a 
foundationtofeallathevrest;hasghelthat,hin theestateeofgsociety, 
would take away the freedom belonging to those of that society 
or commonwealth, must be supposed to design to take away from 
them every thing else, and so be looked on as in a state of war.
     Sec. 18.  This makes it lawful for a man to kill a thief, 
who has not in the least hurt him, nor declared any design upon 
his life, any farther than, by the use of force, so to get him in 
his power, as to take away his money, or what he pleases, from 
him; because using force, where he has no right, to get me into 
his power, let his pretence be what it will, I have no reason to 
suppose, that he, who would take away my liberty, would not, 
when he had me in his power, take away every thing else.  And 
therefore it is lawful for me to treat him as one who has put 
himself into a state of war with me, i.e.  kill him if I can; 
for to that hazard does he justly expose himself, whoever 
introduces a state of war, and is aggressor in it.
     Sec. 19.  And here we have the plain difference between the 
state of nature and the state of war, which however some men 
have confounded, are as far distant, as a state of peace, good 
will, mutual assistance and preservation, and a state of enmity, 
malice, violence and mutual destruction, are one from another.  
Men living together according to reason, without a common 
superior on earth, with authority to judge between them, is 
properly the state of nature.  But force, or a declared design 
of force, upon the person of another, where there is no common 
superior on earth to appeal to for relief, is the state of war: 
and it is the want of such an appeal gives a man the right of war 
even against an aggressor, tho' he be in society and a fellow 
subject.  Thus a thief, whom I cannot harm, but by appeal to 
the law, for having stolen all that I am worth, I may kill, when 
he sets on me to rob me but of my horse or coat; because the law, 
which was made for my preservation, where it cannot interpose to 
secure my life from present force, which, if lost, is capable of 
no reparation, permits me my own defence, and the right of war, a 
liberty to kill the aggressor, because the aggressor allows not 
time to appeal to our common judge, nor the decision of the law, 
for remedy in a case where the mischief may be irreparable.  Want 
of a common judge with authority, puts all men in a state of 
nature: force without right, upon a man's person, makes a state 
of war, both where there is, and is not, a common judge.
     Sec. 20.  But when the actual force is over, the state of 
war ceases between those that are in society, and are equally on 
both sides subjected to the fair determination of the law; 
because then there lies open the remedy of appeal for the past 
injury, and to prevent future harm: but where no such appeal is, 
as in the state of nature, for want of positive laws, and judges 
with authority to appeal to, the state of war once begun, 
continues, with a right to the innocent party to destroy the 
other whenever he can, until the aggressor offers peace, and 
desires reconciliation on such terms as may repair any wrongs he 
has already done, and secure the innocent for the future; nay, 
where an appeal to the law, and constituted judges, lies open, 
but the remedy is denied by a manifest perverting of justice, and 
a barefaced wresting of the laws to protect or indemnify the 
violence or injuries of some men, or party of men, there it is 
hard to imagine any thing but a state of war: for wherever 
violence is used, and injury done, though by hands appointed to 
administer justice, it is still violence and injury, however 
coloured with the name, pretences, or forms of law, the end 
whereof being to protect and redress the innocent, by an 
unbiassed application of it, to all who are under it; wherever 
that is not bona fide done, war is made upon the sufferers, who 
having no appeal on earth to right them, they are left to the 
only remedy in such cases, an appeal to heaven.
     Sec. 21.  To avoid this state of war (wherein there is no 
appeal but to heaven, and wherein every the least difference is 
apt to end, where there is no authority to decide between the 
contenders) is one great reason of men's putting themselves into 
society, and quitting the state of nature: for where there is an 
authority, a power on earth, from which relief can be had by 
appeal, there the continuance of the state of war is excluded, 
and the controversy is decided by that power.  Had there been any 
such court, any superior jurisdiction on earth, to determine the 
right between Jephtha and the Ammonites, they had never come to a 
state of war: but we see he was forced to appeal to heaven.  The 
Lord the Judge (says he) be judge this day between the children 
of Israel and the children of Ammon, Judg.  xi.  27.  and then 
prosecuting, and relying on his appeal, he leads out his army to 
battle: and therefore in such controversies, where the question 
is put, who shall be judge?  It cannot be meant, who shall decide 
the controversy; every one knows what Jephtha here tells us, that 
the Lord the Judge shall judge.  Where there is no judge on 
earth, the appeal lies to God in heaven.  That question then 
cannot mean, who shall judge, whether another hath put himself in 
a state of war with me, and whether I may, as Jephtha did, appeal 
to heaven in it? of that I myself can only be judge in my own 
conscience, as I will answer it, at the great day, to the supreme 
judge of all men.



                          CHAP.  IV.

                          Of SLAVERY.

     Sec. 22.  THE natural liberty of man is to be free from any 
superior power on earth, and not to be under the will or 
legislative authority of man, but to have only the law of nature 
for his rule.  The liberty of man, in society, is to be under no 
other legislative power, but that established, by consent, in the 
commonwealth; nor under the dominion of any will, or restraint of 
any law, but what that legislative shall enact, according to the 
trust put in it.  Freedom then is not what Sir Robert Filmer 
tells us, Observations, A. 55. a liberty for every one to do what 
he lists, to live as he pleases, and not to be tied by any laws: 
but freedom of men under government is, to have a standing rule 
to live by, common to every one of that society, and made by the 
legislative power erected in it; a liberty to follow my own will 
in all things, where the rule prescribes not; and not to be 
subject to the inconstant, uncertain, unknown, arbitrary will of 
another man: as freedom of nature is, to be under no other 
restraint but the law of nature.
     Sec. 23.  This freedom from absolute, arbitrary power, is 
so necessary to, and closely joined with a man's preservation, 
that he cannot part with it, but by what forfeits his 
preservation and life together: for a man, not having the power 
of his own life, cannot, by compact, or his own consent, 
enslave himself to any one, nor put himself under the absolute, 
arbitrary power of another, to take away his life, when he 
pleases.  No body can give more power than he has himself; and he 
that cannot take away his own life, cannot give another power 
over it.  Indeed, having by his fault forfeited his own life, by 
some act that deserves death; he, to whom he has forfeited it, 
may (when he has him in his power) delay to take it, and make use 
of him to his own service, and he does him no injury by it: for, 
whenever he finds the hardship of his slavery outweigh the value 
of his life, it is in his power, by resisting the will of his 
master, to draw on himself the death he desires.
     Sec. 24.  This is the perfect condition of slavery, which 
is nothing else, but the state of war continued, between a 
lawful conqueror and a captive: for, if once compact enter 
between them, and make an agreement for a limited power on the 
one side, and obedience on the other, the state of war and 
slavery ceases, as long as the compact endures: for, as has been 
said, no man can, by agreement, pass over to another that which 
he hath not in himself, a power over his own life.
 I confess, we find among the Jews, as well as other nations, 
that men did sell themselves; but, it is plain, this was only to 
drudgery, not to slavery: for, it is evident, the person sold 
was not under an absolute, arbitrary, despotical power: for the 
master could not have power to kill him, at any time, whom, at a 
certain time, he was obliged to let go free out of his service; 
and the master of such a servant was so far from having an 
arbitrary power over his life, that he could not, at pleasure, so 
much as maim him, but the loss of an eye, or tooth, set him free, 
Exod. xxi.



                        CHAP.  V.

                      Of PROPERTY.

     Sec. 25.  Whether we consider natural reason, which tells 
us, that men, being once born, have a right to their 
preservation, and consequently to meat and drink, and such other 
things as nature affords for their subsistence: or revelation, 
which gives us an account of those grants God made of the world 
to Adam, and to Noah, and his sons, it is very clear, that 
God, as king David says, Psal. cxv.  16.  has given the 
earth to the children of men; given it to mankind in common.  But 
this being supposed, it seems to some a very great difficulty, 
how any one should ever come to have a property in any thing: I 
will not content myself to answer, that if it be difficult to 
make out property, upon a supposition that God gave the world 
to Adam, and his posterity in common, it is impossible that any 
man, but one universal monarch, should have any property upon a 
supposition, that God gave the world to Adam, and his heirs in 
succession, exclusive of all the rest of his posterity.  But I 
shall endeavour to shew, how men might come to have a property 
in several parts of that which God gave to mankind in common, and 
that without any express compact of all the commoners.
     Sec. 26.  God, who hath given the world to men in common, 
hath also given them reason to make use of it to the best 
advantage of life, and convenience.  The earth, and all that is 
therein, is given to men for the support and comfort of their 
being.  And tho' all the fruits it naturally produces, and beasts 
it feeds, belong to mankind in common, as they are produced by 
the spontaneous hand of nature; and no body has originally a 
private dominion, exclusive of the rest of mankind, in any of 
them, as they are thus in their natural state: yet being given 
for the use of men, there must of necessity be a means to 
appropriate them some way or other, before they can be of any 
use, or at all beneficial to any particular man.  The fruit, or 
venison, which nourishes the wild Indian, who knows no 
enclosure, and is still a tenant in common, must be his, and so 
his, i.e. a part of him, that another can no longer have any 
right to it, before it can do him any good for the support of his 
life.
     Sec. 27.  Though the earth, and all inferior creatures, be 
common to all men, yet every man has a property in his own 
person: this no body has any right to but himself.  The 
labour of his body, and the work of his hands, we may say, 
are properly his.  Whatsoever then he removes out of the state 
that nature hath provided, and left it in, he hath mixed his 
labour with, and joined to it something that is his own, and 
thereby makes it his property.  It being by him removed from 
the common state nature hath placed it in, it hath by this 
labour something annexed to it, that excludes the common right 
of other men: for this labour being the unquestionable property 
of the labourer, no man but he can have a right to what that is 
once joined to, at least where there is enough, and as good, left 
in common for others.
     Sec. 28.  He that is nourished by the acorns he picked up 
under an oak, or the apples he gathered from the trees in the 
wood, has certainly appropriated them to himself.  No body can 
deny but the nourishment is his.  I ask then, when did they begin 
to be his? when he digested? or when he eat? or when he boiled? 
or when he brought them home? or when he picked them up? and it 
is plain, if the first gathering made them not his, nothing else 
could.  That labour put a distinction between them and common: 
that added something to them more than nature, the common mother 
of all, had done; and so they became his private right.  And will 
any one say, he had no right to those acorns or apples, he thus 
appropriated, because he had not the consent of all mankind to 
make them his?  Was it a robbery thus to assume to himself what 
belonged to all in common?  If such a consent as that was 
necessary, man had starved, notwithstanding the plenty God had 
given him.  We see in commons, which remain so by compact, that 
it is the taking any part of what is common, and removing it out 
of the state nature leaves it in, which begins the property; 
without which the common is of no use.  And the taking of this or 
that part, does not depend on the express consent of all the 
commoners.  Thus the grass my horse has bit; the turfs my servant 
has cut; and the ore I have digged in any place, where I have a 
right to them in common with others, become my property, 
without the assignation or consent of any body.  The labour 
that was mine, removing them out of that common state they were 
in, hath fixed my property in them.
     Sec. 29.  By making an explicit consent of every commoner, 
necessary to any one's appropriating to himself any part of what 
is given in common, children or servants could not cut the meat, 
which their father or master had provided for them in common, 

without assigning to every one his peculiar part.  Though the 
water running in the fountain be every one's, yet who can doubt, 
but that in the pitcher is his only who drew it out?  His 
labour hath taken it out of the hands of nature, where it was 
common, and belonged equally to all her children, and hath 
thereby appropriated it to himself.
     Sec. 30.  Thus this law of reason makes the deer that 
Indian's who hath killed it; it is allowed to be his goods, who 
hath bestowed his labour upon it, though before it was the common 
right of every one.  And amongst those who are counted the 
civilized part of mankind, who have made and multiplied positive 
laws to determine property, this original law of nature, for 
the beginning of property, in what was before common, still 
takes place; and by virtue thereof, what fish any one catches in 
the ocean, that great and still remaining common of mankind; or 
what ambergrise any one takes up here, is by the labour that 
removes it out of that common state nature left it in, made his 
property, who takes that pains about it.  And even amongst us, 
the hare that any one is hunting, is thought his who pursues her 
during the chase: for being a beast that is still looked upon as 
common, and no man's private possession; whoever has employed so 
much labour about any of that kind, as to find and pursue her, 
has thereby removed her from the state of nature, wherein she was 
common, and hath begun a property.
     Sec. 31.  It will perhaps be objected to this, that if 
gathering the acorns, or other fruits of the earth, &c. makes a 
right to them, then any one may ingross as much as he will.  To 
which I answer, Not so.  The same law of nature, that does by 
this means give us property, does also bound that property 
too.  God has given us all things richly, 1 Tim.  vi.  12.  is 
the voice of reason confirmed by inspiration.  But how far has he 
given it us?  To enjoy.  As much as any one can make use of to 
any advantage of life before it spoils, so much he may by his 
Tabour fix a property in: whatever is beyond this, is more than 
his share, and belongs to others.  Nothing was made by God for 
man to spoil or destroy.  And thus, considering the plenty of 
natural provisions there was a long time in the world, and the 
few spenders; and to how small a part of that provision the 
industry of one man could extend itself, and ingross it to the 
prejudice of others; especially keeping within the bounds, set 
by reason, of what might serve for his use; there could be then 
little room for quarrels or contentions about property so 
established.
     Sec. 32.  But the chief matter of property being now not 
the fruits of the earth, and the beasts that subsist on it, but 
the earth itself; as that which takes in and carries with it 
all the rest; I think it is plain, that property in that too is 
acquired as the former.  As much land as a man tills, plants, 
improves, cultivates, and can use the product of, so much is his 
property.  He by his labour does, as it were, inclose it from 
the common.  Nor will it invalidate his right, to say every body 
else has an equal title to it; and therefore he cannot 
appropriate, he cannot inclose, without the consent of all his 
fellow-commoners, all mankind.  God, when he gave the world in 
common to all mankind, commanded man also to labour, and the 
penury of his condition required it of him.  God and his reason 
commanded him to subdue the earth, i.e. improve it for the 
benefit of life, and therein lay out something upon it that was 
his own, his labour.  He that in obedience to this command of 
God, subdued, tilled and sowed any part of it, thereby annexed to 
it something that was his property, which another had no title 
to, nor could without injury take from him.
     Sec. 33.  Nor was this appropriation of any parcel of 
land, by improving it, any prejudice to any other man, since 
there was still enough, and as good left; and more than the yet 
unprovided could use.  So that, in effect, there was never the 

less left for others because of his enclosure for himself: for he 
that leaves as much as another can make use of, does as good as 
take nothing at all.  No body could think himself injured by the 
drinking of another man, though he took a good draught, who had a 
whole river of the same water left him to quench his thirst: and 
the case of land and water, where there is enough of both, is 
perfectly the same.
     Sec. 34.  God gave the world to men in common; but since he 
gave it them for their benefit, and the greatest conveniencies of 
life they were capable to draw from it, it cannot be supposed he 
meant it should always remain common and uncultivated.  He gave 
it to the use of the industrious and rational, (and labour was 
to be his title to it;) not to the fancy or covetousness of the 
quarrelsome and contentious.  He that had as good left for his 
improvement, as was already taken up, needed not complain, ought 
not to meddle with what was already improved by another's labour: 
if he did, it is plain he desired the benefit of another's pains, 
which he had no right to, and not the ground which God had given 
him in common with others to labour on, and whereof there was as 
good left, as that already possessed, and more than he knew what 
to do with, or his industry could reach to.
     Sec. 35.  It is true, in land that is common in 
England, or any other country, where there is plenty of people 
under government, who have money and commerce, no one can inclose 
or appropriate any part, without the consent of all his fellow-
commoners; because this is left common by compact, i.e. by the 
law of the land, which is not to be violated.  And though it be 
common, in respect of some men, it is not so to all mankind; but 
is the joint property of this country, or this parish.  Besides, 
the remainder, after such enclosure, would not be as good to the 
rest of the commoners, as the whole was when they could all make 
use of the whole; whereas in the beginning and first peopling of 
the great common of the world, it was quite otherwise.  The law 
man was under, was rather for appropriating.  God commanded, and 
his wants forced him to labour.  That was his property which 
could not be taken from him where-ever he had fixed it.  And 
hence subduing or cultivating the earth, and having dominion, we 
see are joined together.  The one gave title to the other.  So 
that God, by commanding to subdue, gave authority so far to 
appropriate: and the condition of human life, which requires 
labour and materials to work on, necessarily introduces private 
possessions.
     Sec. 36.  The measure of property nature has well set by 
the extent of men's labour and the conveniencies of life: no 
man's labour could subdue, or appropriate all; nor could his 
enjoyment consume more than a small part; so that it was 
impossible for any man, this way, to intrench upon the right of 
another, or acquire to himself a property, to the prejudice of 
his neighbour, who would still have room for as good, and as 
large a possession (after the other had taken out his) as before 
it was appropriated.  This measure did confine every man's 
possession to a very moderate proportion, and such as he might 
appropriate to himself, without injury to any body, in the first 
ages of the world, when men were more in danger to be lost, by 
wandering from their company, in the then vast wilderness of the 
earth, than to be straitened for want of room to plant in.  And 
the same measure may be allowed still without prejudice to any 
body, as full as the world seems: for supposing a man, or family, 
in the state they were at first peopling of the world by the 
children of Adam, or Noah; let him plant in some inland, 
vacant places of America, we shall find that the possessions 
he could make himself, upon the measures we have given, would 
not be very large, nor, even to this day, prejudice the rest of 
mankind, or give them reason to complain, or think themselves 
injured by this man's incroachment, though the race of men have 
now spread themselves to all the corners of the world, and do 

infinitely exceed the small number was at the beginning.  Nay, 
the extent of ground is of so little value, without labour, 
that I have heard it affirmed, that in Spain itself a man may 
be permitted to plough, sow and reap, without being disturbed, 
upon land he has no other title to, but only his making use of 
it.  But, on the contrary, the inhabitants think themselves 
beholden to him, who, by his industry on neglected, and 
consequently waste land, has increased the stock of corn, which 
they wanted.  But be this as it will, which I lay no stress on; 
this I dare boldly affirm, that the same rule of propriety, 
(viz.) that every man should have as much as he could make use 
of, would hold still in the world, without straitening any body; 
since there is land enough in the world to suffice double the 
inhabitants, had not the invention of money, and the tacit 
agreement of men to put a value on it, introduced (by consent) 
larger possessions, and a right to them; which, how it has done, 
I shall by and by shew more at large.
     Sec. 37.  This is certain, that in the beginning, before the 
desire of having more than man needed had altered the intrinsic 
value of things, which depends only on their usefulness to the 
life of man; or had agreed, that a little piece of yellow 
metal, which would keep without wasting or decay, should be 
worth a great piece of flesh, or a whole heap of corn; though men 
had a right to appropriate, by their labour, each one of himself, 
as much of the things of nature, as he could use: yet this could 
not be much, nor to the prejudice of others, where the same 
plenty was still left to those who would use the same industry.  
To which let me add, that he who appropriates land to himself by 
his labour, does not lessen, but increase the common stock of 
mankind: for the provisions serving to the support of human life, 
produced by one acre of inclosed and cultivated land, are (to 
speak much within compass) ten times more than those which are 
yielded by an acre of land of an equal richness lying waste in 
common.  And therefore he that incloses land, and has a greater 
plenty of the conveniencies of life from ten acres, than he could 
have from an hundred left to nature, may truly be said to give 
ninety acres to mankind: for his labour now supplies him with 
provisions out of ten acres, which were but the product of an 
hundred lying in common.  I have here rated the improved land 
very low, in making its product but as ten to one, when it is 
much nearer an hundred to one: for I ask, whether in the wild 
woods and uncultivated waste of America, left to nature, 
without any improvement, tillage or husbandry, a thousand acres 
yield the needy and wretched inhabitants as many conveniencies of 
life, as ten acres of equally fertile land do in Devonshire, 
where they are well cultivated?
     Before the appropriation of land, he who gathered as much of 
the wild fruit, killed, caught, or tamed, as many of the beasts, 
as he could; he that so imployed his pains about any of the 
spontaneous products of nature, as any way to alter them from the 
state which nature put them in, by placing any of his labour 
on them, did thereby acquire a propriety in them: but if they 
perished, in his possession, without their due use; if the fruits 
rotted, or the venison putrified, before he could spend it, he 
offended against the common law of nature, and was liable to be 
punished; he invaded his neighbour's share, for he had no right, 
farther than his use called for any of them, and they might 
serve to afford him conveniencies of life.
     Sec. 38.  The same measures governed the possession of 
land too: whatsoever he tilled and reaped, laid up and made use 
of, before it spoiled, that was his peculiar right; whatsoever he 
enclosed, and could feed, and make use of, the cattle and product 
was also his.  But if either the grass of his enclosure rotted on 
the ground, or the fruit of his planting perished without 
gathering, and laying up, this part of the earth, notwithstanding 
his enclosure, was still to be looked on as waste, and might be 

the possession of any other.  Thus, at the beginning, Cain 
might take as much ground as he could till, and make it his own 
land, and yet leave enough to Abel's sheep to feed on; a few 
acres would serve for both their possessions.  But as families 
increased, and industry inlarged their stocks, their possessions 
inlarged with the need of them; but yet it was commonly without 
any fixed property in the ground they made use of, till they 
incorporated, settled themselves together, and built cities; and 
then, by consent, they came in time, to set out the bounds of 
their distinct territories, and agree on limits between them and 
their neighbours; and by laws within themselves, settled the 
properties of those of the same society: for we see, that in 
that part of the world which was first inhabited, and therefore 
like to be best peopled, even as low down as Abraham's time, 
they wandered with their flocks, and their herds, which was their 
substance, freely up and down; and this Abraham did, in a 
country where he was a stranger.  Whence it is plain, that at 
least a great part of the land lay in common; that the 
inhabitants valued it not, nor claimed property in any more than 
they made use of.  But when there was not room enough in the same 
place, for their herds to feed together, they by consent, as 
Abraham and Lot did, Gen. xiii.  5.  separated and inlarged 
their pasture, where it best liked them.  And for the same reason 
Esau went from his father, and his brother, and planted in 
mount Seir, Gen. xxxvi. 6.
     Sec. 39.  And thus, without supposing any private dominion, 
and property in Adam, over all the world, exclusive of all 
other men, which can no way be proved, nor any one's property be 
made out from it; but supposing the world given, as it was, to 
the children of men in common, we see how labour could make 
men distinct titles to several parcels of it, for their private 
uses; wherein there could be no doubt of right, no room for 
quarrel.
     Sec. 40.  Nor is it so strange, as perhaps before 
consideration it may appear, that the property of labour should 
be able to over-balance the community of land: for it is labour 
indeed that puts the difference of value on every thing; and 
let any one consider what the difference is between an acre of 
land planted with tobacco or sugar, sown with wheat or barley, 
and an acre of the same land lying in common, without any 
husbandry upon it, and he will find, that the improvement of 
labour makes the far greater part of the value.  I think it 
will be but a very modest computation to say, that of the 
products of the earth useful to the life of man nine tenths are 
the effects of labour: nay, if we will rightly estimate things 
as they come to our use, and cast up the several expences about 
them, what in them is purely owing to nature, and what to 
labour, we shall find, that in most of them ninety-nine 
hundredths are wholly to be put on the account of labour.  
     Sec. 41.  There cannot be a clearer demonstration of any 
thing, than several nations of the Americans are of this, who 
are rich in land, and poor in all the comforts of life; whom 
nature having furnished as liberally as any other people, with 
the materials of plenty, i.e. a fruitful soil, apt to produce 
in abundance, what might serve for food, raiment, and delight; 
yet for want of improving it by labour, have not one hundredth 
part of the conveniencies we enjoy: and a king of a large and 
fruitful territory there, feeds, lodges, and is clad worse than a 
day-labourer in England.  
     Sec. 42.  To make this a little clearer, let us but trace 
some of the ordinary provisions of life, through their several 
progresses, before they come to our use, and see how much they 
receive of their value from human industry.  Bread, wine and 
cloth, are things of daily use, and great plenty; yet 
notwithstanding, acorns, water and leaves, or skins, must be our 
bread, drink and cloathing, did not labour furnish us with 

these more useful commodities: for whatever bread is more worth 
than acorns, wine than water, and cloth or silk, than leaves, 
skins or moss, that is wholly owing to labour and industry; 
the one of these being the food and raiment which unassisted 
nature furnishes us with; the other, provisions which our 
industry and pains prepare for us, which how much they exceed the 
other in value, when any one hath computed, he will then see how 
much labour makes the far greatest part of the value of things 
we enjoy in this world: and the ground which produces the 
materials, is scarce to be reckoned in, as any, or at most, but a 
very small part of it; so little, that even amongst us, land that 
is left wholly to nature, that hath no improvement of pasturage, 
tillage, or planting, is called, as indeed it is, waste; and we 
shall find the benefit of it amount to little more than nothing.
 This shews how much numbers of men are to be preferred to 
largeness of dominions; and that the increase of lands, and the 
right employing of them, is the great art of government: and that 
prince, who shall be so wise and godlike, as by established laws 
of liberty to secure protection and encouragement to the honest 
industry of mankind, against the oppression of power and 
narrowness of party, will quickly be too hard for his neighbours: 
but this by the by.  To return to the argument in hand,
     Sec. 43.  An acre of land, that bears here twenty bushels of 
wheat, and another in America, which, with the same husbandry, 
would do the like, are, without doubt, of the same natural 
intrinsic value: but yet the benefit mankind receives from the 
one in a year, is worth 5l.  and from the other possibly not 
worth a penny, if all the profit an Indian received from it were 
to be valued, and sold here; at least, I may truly say, not one 
thousandth.  It is labour then which puts the greatest part of 
value upon land, without which it would scarcely be worth any 
thing: it is to that we owe the greatest part of all its useful 
products; for all that the straw, bran, bread, of that acre of 
wheat, is more worth than the product of an acre of as good land, 
which lies waste, is all the effect of labour: for it is not 
barely the plough-man's pains, the reaper's and thresher's toil, 
and the baker's sweat, is to be counted into the bread we eat; 
the labour of those who broke the oxen, who digged and wrought 
the iron and stones, who felled and framed the timber employed 
about the plough, mill, oven, or any other utensils, which are a 
vast number, requisite to this corn, from its being feed to be 
sown to its being made bread, must all be charged on the 
account of labour, and received as an effect of that: nature and 
the earth furnished only the almost worthless materials, as in 
themselves.  It would be a strange catalogue of things, that 
industry provided and made use of, about every loaf of bread, 
before it came to our use, if we could trace them; iron, wood, 
leather, bark, timber, stone, bricks, coals, lime, cloth, dying 
drugs, pitch, tar, masts, ropes, and all the materials made use 
of in the ship, that brought any of the commodities made use of 
by any of the workmen, to any part of the work; all which it 
would be almost impossible, at least too long, to reckon up.
     Sec. 44.  From all which it is evident, that though the 
things of nature are given in common, yet man, by being master of 
himself, and proprietor of his own person, and the actions or 
labour of it, had still in himself the great foundation of 
property; and that, which made up the great part of what he 
applied to the support or comfort of his being, when invention 
and arts had improved the conveniencies of life, was perfectly 
his own, and did not belong in common to others.
     Sec. 45.  Thus labour, in the beginning, gave a right of 
property, wherever any one was pleased to employ it upon what 
was common, which remained a long while the far greater part, and 
is yet more than mankind makes use of.  Men, at first, for the 
most part, contented themselves with what unassisted nature 
offered to their necessities: and though afterwards, in some 

parts of the world, (where the increase of people and stock, with 
the use of money, had made land scarce, and so of some value) 
the several communities settled the bounds of their distinct 
territories, and by laws within themselves regulated the 
properties of the private men of their society, and so, by 
compact and agreement, settled the property which labour and 
industry began; and the leagues that have been made between 
several states and kingdoms, either expresly or tacitly disowning 
all claim and right to the land in the others possession, have, 
by common consent, given up their pretences to their natural 
common right, which originally they had to those countries, and 
so have, by positive agreement, settled a property amongst 
themselves, in distinct parts and parcels of the earth; yet there 
are still great tracts of ground to be found, which (the 
inhabitants thereof not having joined with the rest of mankind, 
in the consent of the use of their common money) lie waste, and 
are more than the people who dwell on it do, or can make use of, 
and so still lie in common; tho' this can scarce happen amongst 
that part of mankind that have consented to the use of money.
     Sec. 46.  The greatest part of things really useful to the 
life of man, and such as the necessity of subsisting made the 
first commoners of the world look after, as it cloth the 
Americans now, are generally things of short duration; such 
as, if they are not consumed by use, will decay and perish of 
themselves: gold, silver and diamonds, are things that fancy or 
agreement hath put the value on, more than real use, and the 
necessary support of life.  Now of those good things which nature 
hath provided in common, every one had a right (as hath been 
said) to as much as he could use, and property in all that he 
could effect with his labour; all that his industry could 
extend to, to alter from the state nature had put it in, was his.  
He that gathered a hundred bushels of acorns or apples, had 
thereby a property in them, they were his goods as soon as 
gathered.  He was only to look, that he used them before they 
spoiled, else he took more than his share, and robbed others.  
And indeed it was a foolish thing, as well as dishonest, to hoard 
up more than he could make use of.  If he gave away a part to any 
body else, so that it perished not uselesly in his possession, 
these he also made use of.  And if he also bartered away plums, 
that would have rotted in a week, for nuts that would last good 
for his eating a whole year, he did no injury; he wasted not the 
common stock; destroyed no part of the portion of goods that 
belonged to others, so long as nothing perished uselesly in his 
hands.  Again, if he would give his nuts for a piece of metal, 
pleased with its colour; or exchange his sheep for shells, or 
wool for a sparkling pebble or a diamond, and keep those by him 
all his life he invaded not the right of others, he might heap up 
as much of these durable things as he pleased; the exceeding of 
the bounds of his just property not lying in the largeness of 
his possession, but the perishing of any thing uselesly in it.
     Sec. 47.  And thus came in the use of money, some lasting 
thing that men might keep without spoiling, and that by mutual 
consent men would take in exchange for the truly useful, but 
perishable supports of life.
     Sec. 48.  And as different degrees of industry were apt to 
give men possessions in different proportions, so this invention 
of money gave them the opportunity to continue and enlarge them: 
for supposing an island, separate from all possible commerce with 
the rest of the world, wherein there were but an hundred 
families, but there were sheep, horses and cows, with other 
useful animals, wholsome fruits, and land enough for corn for a 
hundred thousand times as many, but nothing in the island, either 
because of its commonness, or perishableness, fit to supply the 
place of money; what reason could any one have there to enlarge 
his possessions beyond the use of his family, and a plentiful 
supply to its consumption, either in what their own industry 

produced, or they could barter for like perishable, useful 
commodities, with others?  Where there is not some thing, both 
lasting and scarce, and so valuable to be hoarded up, there men 
will not be apt to enlarge their possessions of land, were it 
never so rich, never so free for them to take: for I ask, what 
would a man value ten thousand, or an hundred thousand acres of 
excellent land, ready cultivated, and well stocked too with 
cattle, in the middle of the inland parts of America, where he 
had no hopes of commerce with other parts of the world, to draw 
money to him by the sale of the product?  It would not be worth 
the enclosing, and we should see him give up again to the wild 
common of nature, whatever was more than would supply the 
conveniencies of life to be had there for him and his family.
     Sec. 49.  Thus in the beginning all the world was America, 
and more so than that is now; for no such thing as money was 
any where known.  Find out something that hath the use and value 
of money amongst his neighbours, you shall see the same man will 
begin presently to enlarge his possessions.
     Sec. 50.  But since gold and silver, being little useful to 
the life of man in proportion to food, raiment, and carriage, has 
its value only from the consent of men, whereof labour yet 
makes, in great part, the measure, it is plain, that men have 
agreed to a disproportionate and unequal possession of the 
earth, they having, by a tacit and voluntary consent, found out, 
a way how a man may fairly possess more land than he himself can 
use the product of, by receiving in exchange for the overplus 
gold and silver, which may be hoarded up without injury to any 
one; these metals not spoiling or decaying in the hands of the 
possessor.  This partage of things in an inequality of private 
possessions, men have made practicable out of the bounds of 
society, and without compact, only by putting a value on gold and 
silver, and tacitly agreeing in the use of money: for in 
governments, the laws regulate the right of property, and the 
possession of land is determined by positive constitutions.
     Sec. 51.  And thus, I think, it is very easy to conceive, 
without any difficulty, how labour could at first begin a title 
of property in the common things of nature, and how the spending 
it upon our uses bounded it.  So that there could then be no 
reason of quarrelling about title, nor any doubt about the 
largeness of possession it gave.  Right and conveniency went 
together; for as a man had a right to all he could employ his 
labour upon, so he had no temptation to labour for more than he 
could make use of.  This left no room for controversy about the 
title, nor for encroachment on the right of others; what portion 
a man carved to himself, was easily seen; and it was useless, as 
well as dishonest, to carve himself too much, or take more than 
he needed.



                        CHAP.  VI.

                   Of Paternal Power.

     Sec. 52.  IT may perhaps be censured as an impertinent 
criticism, in a discourse of this nature, to find fault with 
words and names, that have obtained in the world: and yet 
possibly it may not be amiss to offer new ones, when the old are 
apt to lead men into mistakes, as this of paternal power 
probably has done, which seems so to place the power of parents 
over their children wholly in the father, as if the mother 
had no share in it; whereas, if we consult reason or revelation, 
we shall find, she hath an equal title.  This may give one reason 
to ask, whether this might not be more properly called parental 
power?  for whatever obligation nature and the right of 
generation lays on children, it must certainly bind them equal to 

both the concurrent causes of it.  And accordingly we see the 
positive law of God every where joins them together, without 
distinction, when it commands the obedience of children, Honour 
thy father and thy mother, Exod. xx. 12.  Whosoever curseth his 
father or his mother, Lev. xx. 9.  Ye shall fear every man his 
mother and his father, Lev. xix. 3.  Children, obey your 
parents, &c. Eph. vi. 1.  is the stile of the Old and New 
Testament.
     Sec. 53.  Had but this one thing been well considered, 
without looking any deeper into the matter, it might perhaps have 
kept men from running into those gross mistakes, they have made, 
about this power of parents; which, however it might, without any 
great harshness, bear the name of absolute dominion, and regal 
authority, when under the title of paternal power it seemed 
appropriated to the father, would yet have founded but oddly, and 
in the very name shewn the absurdity, if this supposed absolute 
power over children had been called parental; and thereby have 
discovered, that it belonged to the mother too: for it will but 
very ill serve the turn of those men, who contend so much for the 
absolute power and authority of the fatherhood, as they call 
it, that the mother should have any share in it; and it would 
have but ill supported the monarchy they contend for, when by 
the very name it appeared, that that fundamental authority, from 
whence they would derive their government of a single person 
only, was not placed in one, but two persons jointly.  But to let 
this of names pass.
     Sec. 54.  Though I have said above, Chap.  II. That all men 
by nature are equal, I cannot be supposed to understand all 
sorts of equality: age or virtue may give men a just 
precedency: excellency of parts and merit may place others 
above the common level: birth may subject some, and alliance 
or benefits others, to pay an observance to those to whom 
nature, gratitude, or other respects, may have made it due: and 
yet all this consists with the equality, which all men are in, 
in respect of jurisdiction or dominion one over another; which 
was the equality I there spoke of, as proper to the business in 
hand, being that equal right, that every man hath, to his 
natural freedom, without being subjected to the will or 
authority of any other man.
     Sec. 55.  Children, I confess, are not born in this full 
state of equality, though they are born to it.  Their parents 
have a sort of rule and jurisdiction over them, when they come 
into the world, and for some time after; but it is but a 
temporary one.  The bonds of this subjection are like the 
swaddling clothes they art wrapt up in, and supported by, in the 
weakness of their infancy: age and reason as they grow up, loosen 
them, till at length they drop quite off, and leave a man at his 
own free disposal.
     Sec. 56.  Adam was created a perfect man, his body and 
mind in full possession of their strength and reason, and so was 
capable, from the first instant of his being to provide for his 
own support and preservation, and govern his actions according to 
the dictates of the law of reason which God had implanted in him.  
From him the world is peopled with his descendants, who are all 
born infants, weak and helpless, without knowledge or 
understanding: but to supply the defects of this imperfect state, 
till the improvement of growth and age hath removed them, Adam 
and Eve, and after them all parents were, by the law of 
nature, under an obligation to preserve, nourish, and educate 
the children they had begotten; not as their own workmanship, 
but the workmanship of their own maker, the Almighty, to whom 
they were to be accountable for them.
     Sec. 57.  The law, that was to govern Adam, was the same 
that was to govern all his posterity, the law of reason.  But 
his offspring having another way of entrance into the world, 
different from him, by a natural birth, that produced them 

ignorant and without the use of reason, they were not presently 
under that law; for no body can be under a law, which is not 
promulgated to him; and this law being promulgated or made known 
by reason only, he that is not come to the use of his reason, 
cannot be said to be under this law; and Adam's children, 
being not presently as soon as born under this law of reason, 
were not presently free: for law, in its true notion, is 
not so much the limitation as the direction of a free and 
intelligent agent to his proper interest, and prescribes no 
farther than is for the general good of those under that law: 
could they be happier without it, the law, as an useless thing, 
would of itself vanish; and that ill deserves the name of 
confinement which hedges us in only from bogs and precipices.  So 
that, however it may be mistaken, the end of law is not to 
abolish or restrain, but to preserve and enlarge freedom: for 
in all the states of created beings capable of laws, where there 
is no law, there is no freedom: for liberty is, to be free 
from restraint and violence from others; which cannot be, where 
there is no law: but freedom is not, as we are told, a liberty 
for every man to do what he lists: (for who could be free, when 
every other man's humour might domineer over him?) but a 
liberty to dispose, and order as he lists, his person, actions, 
possessions, and his whole property, within the allowance of 
those laws under which he is, and therein not to be subject to 
the arbitrary will of another, but freely follow his own.
     Sec. 58.  The power, then, that parents have over their 
children, arises from that duty which is incumbent on them, to 
take care of their off-spring, during the imperfect state of 
childhood.  To inform the mind, and govern the actions of their 
yet ignorant nonage, till reason shall take its place, and ease 
them of that trouble, is what the children want, and the parents 
are bound to: for God having given man an understanding to direct 
his actions, has allowed him a freedom of will, and liberty of 
acting, as properly belonging thereunto, within the bounds of 
that law he is under.  But whilst he is in an estate, wherein he 
has not understanding of his own to direct his will, he is 
not to have any will of his own to follow: he that 
understands for him, must will for him too; he must prescribe 
to his will, and regulate his actions; but when he comes to the 
estate that made his father a freeman, the son is a freeman 
too.
     Sec. 59.  This holds in all the laws a man is under, whether 
natural or civil.  Is a man under the law of nature?  What made 
him free of that law?  what gave him a free disposing of his 
property, according to his own will, within the compass of that 
law?  I answer, a state of maturity wherein he might be supposed 
capable to know that law, that so he might keep his actions 
within the bounds of it.  When he has acquired that state, he is 
presumed to know how far that law is to be his guide, and how far 
he may make use of his freedom, and so comes to have it; till 
then, some body else must guide him, who is presumed to know how 
far the law allows a liberty.  If such a state of reason, such an 
age of discretion made him free, the same shall make his son 
free too.  Is a man under the law of England?  What made him 
free of that law? that is, to have the liberty to dispose of his 
actions and possessions according to his own will, within the 
permission of that law?  A capacity of knowing that law; which is 
supposed by that law, at the age of one and twenty years, and in 
some cases sooner.  If this made the father free, it shall 
make the son free too.  Till then we see the law allows the 
son to have no will, but he is to be guided by the will of his 
father or guardian, who is to understand for him.  And if the 
father die, and fail to substitute a deputy in his trust; if he 
hath not provided a tutor, to govern his son, during his 
minority, during his want of understanding, the law takes care to 
do it; some other must govern him, and be a will to him, till he 

hath attained to a state of freedom, and his understanding be 
fit to take the government of his will.  But after that, the 
father and son are equally free as much as tutor and pupil 
after nonage; equally subjects of the same law together, without 
any dominion left in the father over the life, liberty, or estate 
of his son, whether they be only in the state and under the law 
of nature, or under the positive laws of an established 
government.
     Sec. 60.  But if, through defects that may happen out of the 
ordinary course of nature, any one comes not to such a degree of 
reason, wherein he might be supposed capable of knowing the law, 
and so living within the rules of it, he is never capable of 
being a free man, he is never let loose to the disposure of his 
own will (because he knows no bounds to it, has not 
understanding, its proper guide) but is continued under the 
tuition and government of others, all the time his own 
understanding is uncapable of that charge.  And so lunatics and 
ideots are never set free from the government of their parents; 
children, who are not as yet come unto those years whereat they 
may have; and innocents which are excluded by a natural defect 
from ever having; thirdly, madmen, which for the present cannot 
possibly have the use of right reason to guide themselves, have 
for their guide, the reason that guideth other men which are 
tutors over them, to seek and procure their good for them, says 
Hooker, Eccl. Pol. lib. i. sec. 7.  All which seems no more than 
that duty, which God and nature has laid on man, as well as other 
creatures, to preserve their offspring, till they can be able to 
shift for themselves, and will scarce amount to an instance or 
proof of parents regal authority.
     Sec. 61.  Thus we are born free, as we are born rational; 
not that we have actually the exercise of either: age, that 
brings one, brings with it the other too.  And thus we see how 
natural freedom and subjection to parents may consist together, 
and are both founded on the same principle.  A child is free 
by his father's title, by his father's understanding, which is to 
govern him till he hath it of his own.  The freedom of a man at 
years of discretion, and the subjection of a child to his 
parents, whilst yet short of that age, are so consistent, and 
so distinguishable, that the most blinded contenders for 
monarchy, by right of fatherhood, cannot miss this 
difference; the most obstinate cannot but allow their 
consistency: for were their doctrine all true, were the right 
heir of Adam now known, and by that title settled a monarch in 
his throne, invested with all the absolute unlimited power Sir 
Robert Filmer talks of; if he should die as soon as his heir 
were born, must not the child, notwithstanding he were never so 
free, never so much sovereign, be in subjection to his mother and 
nurse, to tutors and governors, till age and education brought 
him reason and ability to govern himself and others?  The 
necessities of his life, the health of his body, and the 
information of his mind, would require him to be directed by the 
will of others, and not his own; and yet will any one think, that 
this restraint and subjection were inconsistent with, or spoiled 
him of that liberty or sovereignty he had a right to, or gave 
away his empire to those who had the government of his nonage?  
This government over him only prepared him the better and sooner 
for it.  If any body should ask me, when my son is of age to be 
free?  I shall answer, just when his monarch is of age to 
govern.  But at what time, says the judicious Hooker, Eccl. 
Pol. l. i. sect. 6.  a man may be said to have attained so far 
forth the use of reason, as sufficeth to make him capable of 
those laws whereby he is then bound to guide his actions: this is 
a great deal more easy for sense to discern, than for any one by 
skill and learning to determine.
     Sec. 62.  Common-wealths themselves take notice of, and 
allow, that there is a time when men are to begin to act like 

free men, and therefore till that time require not oaths of 
fealty, or allegiance, or other public owning of, or submission 
to the government of their countries.
     Sec. 63.  The freedom then of man, and liberty of acting 
according to his own will, is grounded on his having reason, 
which is able to instruct him in that law he is to govern himself 
by, and make him know how far he is left to the freedom of his 
own will.  To turn him loose to an unrestrained liberty, before 
he has reason to guide him, is not the allowing him the privilege 
of his nature to be free; but to thrust him out amongst brutes, 
and abandon him to a state as wretched, and as much beneath that 
of a man, as their's.  This is that which puts the authority 
into the parents hands to govern the minority of their 
children.  God hath made it their business to employ this care on 
their offspring, and hath placed in them suitable inclinations of 
tenderness and concern to temper this power, to apply it, as his 
wisdom designed it, to the children's good, as long as they 
should need to be under it.
     Sec. 64.  But what reason can hence advance this care of the 
parents due to their off-spring into an absolute arbitrary 
dominion of the father, whose power reaches no farther, than by 
such a discipline, as he finds most effectual, to give such 
strength and health to their bodies, such vigour and rectitude to 
their minds, as may best fit his children to be most useful to 
themselves and others; and, if it be necessary to his condition, 
to make them work, when they are able, for their own subsistence.  
But in this power the mother too has her share with the 
father.
     Sec. 65.  Nay, this power so little belongs to the 
father by any peculiar right of nature, but only as he is 
guardian of his children, that when he quits his care of them, he 
loses his power over them, which goes along with their 
nourishment and education, to which it is inseparably annexed; 
and it belongs as much to the foster-father of an exposed 
child, as to the natural father of another.  So little power does 
the bare act of begetting give a man over his issue; if all his 
care ends there, and this be all the title he hath to the name 
and authority of a father.  And what will become of this 
paternal power in that part of the world, where one woman hath 
more than one husband at a time? or in those parts of America, 
where, when the husband and wife part, which happens frequently, 
the children are all left to the mother, follow her, and are 
wholly under her care and provision? If the father die whilst the 
children are young, do they not naturally every where owe the 
same obedience to their mother, during their minority, as to 
their father were he alive? and will any one say, that the mother 
hath a legislative power over her children? that she can make 
standing rules, which shall be of perpetual obligation, by which 
they ought to regulate all the concerns of their property, and 
bound their liberty all the course of their lives? or can she 
inforce the observation of them with capital punishments? for 
this is the proper power of the magistrate, of which the father 
hath not so much as the shadow.  His command over his children is 
but temporary, and reaches not their life or property: it is but 
a help to the weakness and imperfection of their nonage, a 
discipline necessary to their education: and though a father 
may dispose of his own possessions as he pleases, when his 
children are out of danger of perishing for want, yet his power 
extends not to the lives or goods, which either their own 
industry, or another's bounty has made their's; nor to their 
liberty neither, when they are once arrived to the 
infranchisement of the years of discretion.  The father's 
empire then ceases, and he can from thence forwards no more 
dispose of the liberty of his son, than that of any other man: 
and it must be far from an absolute or perpetual jurisdiction, 
from which a man may withdraw himself, having license from divine 

authority to leave father and mother, and cleave to his wife. 
     Sec. 66.  But though there be a time when a child comes to 
be as free from subjection to the will and command of his 
father, as the father himself is free from subjection to the will 
of any body else, and they are each under no other restraint, but 
that which is common to them both, whether it be the law of 
nature, or municipal law of their country; yet this freedom 
exempts not a son from that honour which he ought, by the law 
of God and nature, to pay his parents.  God having made the 
parents instruments in his great design of continuing the race of 
mankind, and the occasions of life to their children; as he hath 
laid on them an obligation to nourish, preserve, and bring up 
their offspring; so he has laid on the children a perpetual 
obligation of honouring their parents, which containing in it 
an inward esteem and reverence to be shewn by all outward 
expressions, ties up the child from any thing that may ever 
injure or affront, disturb or endanger, the happiness or life of 
those from whom he received his; and engages him in all actions 
of defence, relief, assistance and comfort of those, by whose 
means he entered into being, and has been made capable of any 
enjoyments of life: from this obligation no state, no freedom can 
absolve children.  But this is very far from giving parents a 
power of command over their children, or an authority to make 
laws and dispose as they please of their lives or liberties.  It 
is one thing to owe honour, respect, gratitude and assistance; 
another to require an absolute obedience and submission.  The 
honour due to parents, a monarch in his throne owes his mother; 
and yet this lessens not his authority, nor subjects him to her 
government.
     Sec. 67.  The subjection of a minor places in the father a 
temporary government, which terminates with the minority of the 
child: and the honour due from a child, places in the parents a 
perpetual right to respect, reverence, support and compliance 
too, more or less, as the father's care, cost, and kindness in 
his education, has been more or less.  This ends not with 
minority, but holds in all parts and conditions of a man's life.  
The want of distinguishing these two powers, viz. that which 
the father hath in the right of tuition, during minority, and 
the right of honour all his life, may perhaps have caused a 
great part of the mistakes about this matter: for to speak 
properly of them, the first of these is rather the privilege of 
children, and duty of parents, than any prerogative of paternal 
power.  The nourishment and education of their children is a 
charge so incumbent on parents for their children's good, that 
nothing can absolve them from taking care of it: and though the 
power of commanding and chastising them go along with it, yet 
God hath woven into the principles of human nature such a 
tenderness for their off-spring, that there is little fear that 
parents should use their power with too much rigour; the excess 
is seldom on the severe side, the strong byass of nature drawing 
the other way.  And therefore God almighty when he would express 
his gentle dealing with the Israelites, he tells them, that 
though he chastened them, he chastened them as a man chastens 
his son, Deut. viii. 5. i.e. with tenderness and affection, 
and kept them under no severer discipline than what was 
absolutely best for them, and had been less kindness to have 
slackened.  This is that power to which children are commanded 
obedience, that the pains and care of their parents may not be 
increased, or ill rewarded.
     Sec. 68.  On the other side, honour and support, all 
that which gratitude requires to return for the benefits received 
by and from them, is the indispensable duty of the child, and the 
proper privilege of the parents.  This is intended for the 
parents advantage, as the other is for the child's; though 
education, the parents duty, seems to have most power, because 
the ignorance and infirmities of childhood stand in need of 

restraint and correction; which is a visible exercise of rule, 
and a kind of dominion.  And that duty which is comprehended in 
the word honour, requires less obedience, though the obligation 
be stronger on grown, than younger children: for who can think 
the command, Children obey your parents, requires in a man, 
that has children of his own, the same submission to his father, 
as it does in his yet young children to him; and that by this 
precept he were bound to obey all his father's commands, if, out 
of a conceit of authority, he should have the indiscretion to 
treat him still as a boy?
     Sec. 69.  The first part then of paternal power, or rather 
duty, which is education, belongs so to the father, that it 
terminates at a certain season; when the business of education is 
over, it ceases of itself, and is also alienable before: for a 
man may put the tuition of his son in other hands; and he that 
has made his son an apprentice to another, has discharged him, 
during that time, of a great part of his obedience both to 
himself and to his mother.  But all the duty of honour, the 
other part, remains never the less entire to them; nothing can 
cancel that: it is so inseparable from them both, that the 
father's authority cannot dispossess the mother of this right, 
nor can any man discharge his son from honouring her that bore 
him.  But both these are very far from a power to make laws, and 
enforcing them with penalties, that may reach estate, liberty, 
limbs and life.  The power of commanding ends with nonage; and 
though, after that, honour and respect, support and defence, 
and whatsoever gratitude can oblige a man to, for the highest 
benefits he is naturally capable of, be always due from a son to 
his parents; yet all this puts no scepter into the father's hand, 
no sovereign power of commanding.  He has no dominion over his 
son's property, or actions; nor any right, that his will should 
prescribe to his son's in all things; however it may become his 
son in many things, not very inconvenient to him and his family, 
to pay a deference to it.
     Sec. 70.  A man may owe honour and respect to an ancient, or 
wise man; defence to his child or friend; relief and support to 
the distressed; and gratitude to a benefactor, to such a degree, 
that all he has, all he can do, cannot sufficiently pay it: but 
all these give no authority, no right to any one, of making laws 
over him from whom they are owing.  And it is plain, all this is 
due not only to the bare title of father; not only because, as 
has been said, it is owing to the mother too; but because these 
obligations to parents, and the degrees of what is required of 
children, may be varied by the different care and kindness, 
trouble and expence, which is often employed upon one child more 
than another.
     Sec. 71.  This shews the reason how it comes to pass, that 
parents in societies, where they themselves are subjects, retain 
a power over their children, and have as much right to their 
subjection, as those who are in the state of nature.  Which could 
not possibly be, if all political power were only paternal, and 
that in truth they were one and the same thing: for then, all 
paternal power being in the prince, the subject could naturally 
have none of it.  But these two powers, political and paternal, 
are so perfectly distinct and separate; are built upon so 
different foundations, and given to so different ends, that every 
subject that is a father, has as much a paternal power over his 
children, as the prince has over his: and every prince, that has 
parents, owes them as much filial duty and obedience, as the 
meanest of his subjects do to their's; and can therefore contain 
not any part or degree of that kind of dominion, which a prince 
or magistrate has over his subject.  
     Sec. 72.  Though the obligation on the parents to bring up 
their children, and the obligation on children to honour their 
parents, contain all the power on the one hand, and submission on 
the other, which are proper to this relation, yet there is 

another power ordinarily in the father, whereby he has a tie on 
the obedience of his children; which tho' it be common to him 
with other men, yet the occasions of shewing it, almost consich 
tho' it be common to him with other men, yet the occasions of 
shewing it, almost constantly happening to fathers in their 
private families, and the instances of it elsewhere being rare, 
and less taken notice of, it passes in the world for a part of 
paternal jurisdiction.  And this is the power men generally have 
to bestow their estates on those who please them best; the 
possession of the father being the expectation and inheritance of 
the children, ordinarily in certain proportions, according to the 
law and custom of each country; yet it is commonly in the 
father's power to bestow it with a more sparing or liberal hand, 
according as the behaviour of this or that child hath comported 
with his will and humour.
     Sec. 73.  This is no small tie on the obedience of children: 
and there being always annexed to the enjoyment of land, a 
submission to the government of the country, of which that land 
is a part; it has been commonly supposed, that a father could 
oblige his posterity to that government, of which he himself was 
a subject, and that his compact held them; whereas, it being only 
a necessary condition annexed to the land, and the inheritance of 
an estate which is under that government, reaches only those who 
will take it on that condition, and so is no natural tie or 
engagement, but a voluntary submission: for every man's children 
being by nature as free as himself, or any of his ancestors ever 
were, may, whilst they are in that freedom, choose what society 
they will join themselves to, what common-wealth they will put 
themselves under.  But if they will enjoy the inheritance of 
their ancestors, they must take it on the same terms their 
ancestors had it, and submit to all the conditions annexed to 
such a possession.  By this power indeed fathers oblige their 
children to obedience to themselves, even when they are past 
minority, and most commonly too subject them to this or that 
political power: but neither of these by any peculiar right of 
fatherhood, but by the reward they have in their hands to inforce 
and recompence such a compliance; and is no more power than what 
a French man has over an English man, who by the hopes of an 
estate he will leave him, will certainly have a strong tie on his 
obedience: and if, when it is left him, he will enjoy it, he must 
certainly take it upon the conditions annexed to the possession 
of land in that country where it lies, whether it be France or 
England. 
     Sec. 74.  To conclude then, tho' the father's power of 
commanding extends no farther than the minority of his children, 
and to a degree only fit for the discipline and government of 
that age; and tho' that honour and respect, and all that which 
the Latins called piety, which they indispensably owe to their 
parents all their life-time, and in all estates, with all that 
support and defence is due to them, gives the father no power of 
governing, i.e.  making laws and enacting penalties on his 
children; though by all this he has no dominion over the property 
or actions of his son: yet it is obvious to conceive how easy it 
was, in the first ages of the world, and in places still, where 
the thinness of people gives families leave to separate into 
unpossessed quarters, and they have room to remove or plant 
themselves in yet vacant habitations, for the father of the 
family to become the prince of* it; he had been a ruler from the 
beginning of the infancy of his children: and since without some 
government it would be hard for them to live together, it was 
likeliest it should, by the express or tacit consent of the 
children when they were grown up, be in the father, where it 
seemed without any change barely to continue; when indeed nothing 
more was required to it, than the permitting the father to 
exercise alone, in his family, that executive power of the law of 
nature, which every free man naturally hath, and by that 

permission resigning up to him a monarchical power, whilst they 
remained in it.  But that this was not by any paternal right, but 
only by the consent of his children, is evident from hence, that 
no body doubts, but if a stranger, whom chance or business had 
brought to his family, had there killed any of his children, or 
committed any other fact, he might condemn and put him to death, 
or other-wise have punished him, as well as any of his children; 
which it was impossible he should do by virtue of any paternal 
authority over one who was not his child, but by virtue of that 
executive power of the law of nature, which, as a man, he had a 
right to: and he alone could punish him in his family, where the 
respect of his children had laid by the exercise of such a power, 
to give way to the dignity and authority they were willing should 
remain in him, above the rest of his family.  
     (*It is no improbable opinion therefore, which the 
archphilosopher was of, that the chief person in every houshold 
was always, as it were, a king: so when numbers of housholds 
joined themselves in civil societies together, kings were the 
first kind of governors amongst them, which is also, as it 
seemeth, the reason why the name of fathers continued still in 
them, who, of fathers, were made rulers; as also the ancient 
custom of governors to do as Melchizedec, and being kings, to 
exercise the office of priests, which fathers did at the first, 
grew perhaps by the same occasion.  Howbeit, this is not the only 
kind of regiment that has been received in the world.  The 
inconveniences of one kind have caused sundry others to be 
devised; so that in a word, all public regiment, of what kind 
soever, seemeth evidently to have risen from the deliberate 
advice, consultation and composition between men, judging it 
convenient and behoveful; there being no impossibility in nature 
considered by itself, but that man might have lived without any 
public regiment, Hooker's Eccl. Pol. lib. i. sect. 10.)
     Sec. 75.  Thus it was easy, and almost natural for children, 
by a tacit, and scarce avoidable consent, to make way for the 
father's authority and government.  They had been  accustomed  in  
their childhood to follow his direction, and to refer their 
little differences to him, and when they were men, who fitter to 
rule them?  Their little properties, and less covetousness, 
seldom afforded greater controversies; and when any should arise, 
where could they have a fitter umpire than he, by whose care they 
had every one been sustained and brought up, and who had a 
tenderness for them aII?  It is no wonder that they made no 
distinction betwixt minority and full age; nor looked after one 
and twenty, or any other age that might make them the free 
disposers of themselves and fortunes, when they could have no 
desire to be out of their pupilage: the government they had been 
under, during it, continued still to be more their protection 
than restraint; and they could no where find a greater security 
to their peace, liberties, and fortunes, than in the rule of a 
father.  
     Sec. 76.  Thus the natural fathers of families, by an 
insensible change, became the politic monarchs of them too: and 
as they chanced to live long, and leave able and worthy heirs, 
for several successions, or otherwise; so they laid the 
foundations of hereditary, or elective kingdoms, under several 
constitutions and mannors, according as chance, contrivance, or 
occasions happened to mould them.  But if princes have their 
titles in their fathers right, and it be a sufficient proof of 
the natural right of fathers to political authority, because they 
commonly were those in whose hands we find, de facto, the 
exercise of government: I say, if this argument be good, it will 
as strongly prove, that all princes, nay princes only, ought to 
be priests, since it is as certain, that in the beginning, the 
father of the family was priest, as that he was ruler in his own 
houshold.




                        CHAP.  VII.

             Of Political or Civil Society.

     Sec. 77.  GOD having made man such a creature, that in his 
own judgment, it was not good for him to be alone, put him under 
strong obligations of necessity, convenience, and inclination to 
drive him into society, as well as fitted him with understanding 
and language to continue and enjoy it.  The first society was 
between man and wife, which gave beginning to that between 
parents and children; to which, in time, that between master and 
servant came to be added: and though all these might, and 
commonly did meet together, and make up but one family, wherein 
the master or mistress of it had some sort of rule proper to a 
family; each of these, or all together, came short of political 
society, as we shall see, if we consider the different ends, 
ties, and bounds of each of these.
     Sec. 78.  Conjugal society is made by a voluntary compact 
between man and woman; and tho' it consist chiefly in such a 
communion and right in one another's bodies as is necessary to 
its chief end, procreation; yet it draws with it mutual support 
and assistance, and a communion of interests too, as necessary 
not only to unite their care and affection, but also necessary to 
their common off-spring, who have a right to be nourished, and 
maintained by them, till they are able to provide for themselves.
     Sec. 79.  For the end of conjunction, between male and 
female, being not barely procreation, but the continuation of the 
species; this conjunction betwixt male and female ought to last, 
even after procreation, so long as is necessary to the 
nourishment and support of the young ones, who are to be 
sustained 
even after procreation, so long as is necessary to the 
nourishment and support of the young ones, who are to be 
sustained by those that got them, till they are able to shift and 
provide for themselves.  This rule, which the infinite wise maker 
hath set to the works of his hands, we find the inferior 
creatures steadily obey.  In those viviparous animals which feed 
on grass, the conjunction between male and female lasts no longer 
than the very act of copulation; because the teat of the dam 
being sufficient to nourish the young, till it be able to feed on 
grass, the male only begets, but concerns not himself for the 
female or young, to whose sustenance he can contribute nothing.  
But in beasts of prey the conjunction lasts longer: because the 
dam not being able well to subsist herself, and nourish her 
numerous off-spring by her own prey alone, a more laborious, as 
well as more dangerous way of living, than by feeding on grass, 
the assistance of the male is necessary to the maintenance of 
their common family, which cannot subsist till they are able to 
prey for themselves, but by the joint care of male and female.  
The same is to be observed in all birds, (except some domestic 
ones, where plenty of food excuses the cock from feeding, and 
taking care of the young brood) whose young needing food in the 
nest, the cock and hen continue mates, till the young are able to 
use their wing, and provide for themselves.
     Sec. 80.  And herein I think lies the chief, if not the only 
reason, why the male and female in mankind are tied to a longer 
conjunction than other creatures, viz.  because the female is 
capable of conceiving, and de facto is commonly with child again, 
and brings forth too a new birth, long before the former is out 
of a dependency for support on his parents help, and able to 
shift for himself, and has all the assistance is due to him from 
his parents: whereby the father, who is bound to take care for 
those he hath begot, is under an obligation to continue in 
conjugal society with the same woman longer than other creatures, 

whose young being able to subsist of themselves, before the time 
of procreation returns again, the conjugal bond dissolves of 
itself, and they are at liberty, till Hymen at his usual 
anniversary season summons them again to chuse new mates.  
Wherein one cannot but admire the wisdom of the great Creator, 
who having given to man foresight, and an ability to lay up for 
the future, as well as to supply the present necessity, hath made 
it necessary, that society of man and wife should be more 
lasting, than of male and female amongst other creatures; that so 
their industry might be encouraged, and their interest better 
united, to make provision and lay up goods for their common 
issue, which uncertain mixture, or easy and frequent solutions of 
conjugal society would mightily disturb.
     Sec. 81.  But tho'these are ties upon mankind, which make 
the conjugal bonds more firm and lasting in man, than the other 
species of animals; yet it would give one reason to enquire, why 
this compact, where procreation and education are secured, and 
inheritance taken care for, may not be made determinable, either 
by consent, or at a certain time, or upon certain conditions, as 
well as any other voluntary compacts, there being no necessity in 
the nature of the thing, nor to the ends of it, that it should 
always be for life; I mean, to such as are under no restraint of 
any positive law, which ordains all such contracts to be 
perpetual.
     Sec. 82.  But the husband and wife, though they have but one 
common concern, yet having different understandings, will 
unavoidably sometimes have different wills too; it therefore 
being necessary that the last determination, i. e.  the rule, 
should be placed somewhere; it naturally falls to the man's 
share, as the abler and the stronger.  But this reaching but to 
the things of their common interest and property, leaves the wife 
in the full and free possession of what by contract is her 
peculiar right, and gives the husband no more power over her life 
than she has over his; the power of the husband being so far from 
that of an absolute monarch, that the wife has in many cases a 
liberty to separate from him, where natural right, or their 
contract allows it; whether that contract be made by themselves 
in the state of nature, or by the customs or laws of the country 
they live in; and the children upon such separation fall to the 
father or mother's lot, as such contract does determine.
     Sec. 83.  For all the ends of marriage being to be obtained 
under politic government, as well as in the state of nature, the 
civil magistrate cloth not abridge the right or power of either 
naturally necessary to those ends, viz.  procreation and mutual 
support and assistance whilst they are together; but only decides 
any controversy that may arise between man and wife about them.  
If it were otherwise, and that absolute sovereignty and power of 
life and death naturally belonged to the husband, and were 
necessary to the society between man and wife, there could be no 
matrimony in any of those countries where the husband is allowed 
no such absolute authority.  But the ends of matrimony requiring 
no such power in the husband, the condition of conjugal society 
put it not in him, it being not at all necessary to that state.  
Conjugal society could subsist and attain its ends without it; 
nay, community of goods, and the power over them, mutual 
assistance and maintenance, and other things belonging to 
conjugal society, might be varied and regulated by that contract 
which unites man and wife in that society, as far as may consist 
with procreation and the bringing up of children till they could 
shift for themselves; nothing being necessary to any society, 
that is not necessary to the ends for which it is made.
     Sec. 84.  The society betwixt parents and children, and the 
distinct rights and powers belonging respectively to them, I have 
treated of so largely, in the foregoing chapter, that I shall not 
here need to say any thing of it.  And I think it is plain, that 
it is far different from a politic society.

     Sec. 85.  Master and servant are names as old as history, 
but given to those of far different condition; for a freeman 
makes himself a servant to another, by selling him, for a certain 
time, the service he undertakes to do, in exchange for wages he 
is to receive: and though this commonly puts him into the family 
of his master, and under the ordinary discipline thereof; yet it 
gives the master but a temporary power over him, and no greater 
than what is contained in the contract between them.  But there 
is another sort of servants, which by a peculiar name we call 
slaves, who being captives taken in a just war, are by the right 
of nature subjected to the absolute dominion and arbitrary power 
of their masters.  These men having, as I say, forfeited their 
lives, and with it their liberties, and lost their estates; and 
being in the state of slavery, not capable of any property, 
cannot in that state be considered as any part of civil society; 
the chief end whereof is the preservation of property.
     Sec. 86.  Let us therefore consider a master of a family 
with all these subordinate relations of wife, children, servants, 
and slaves, united under the domestic rule of a family; which, 
what resemblance soever it may have in its order, offices, and 
number too, with a little common-wealth, yet is very far from it, 
both in its constitution, power and end: or if it must be thought 
a monarchy, and the paterfamilias the absolute monarch in it, 
absolute monarchy will have but a very shattered and short power, 
when it is plain, by what has been said before, that the master 
of the family has a very distinct and differently limited power, 
both as to time and extent, over those several persons that are 
in it; for excepting the slave (and the family is as much a 
family, and his power as paterfamilias as great, whether there be 
any slaves in his family or no) he has no legislative power of 
life and death over any of them, and none too but what a mistress 
of a family may have as well as he.  And he certainly can have no 
absolute power over the whole family, who has but a very limited 
one over every individual in it.  But how a family, or any other 
society of men, differ from that which is properly political 
society, we shall best see, by considering wherein political 
society itself consists.
     Sec. 87.  Man being born, as has been proved, with a title 
to perfect freedom, and an uncontrouled enjoyment of all the 
rights and privileges of the law of nature, equally with any 
other man, or number of men in the world, hath by nature a power, 
not only to preserve his property, that is, his life, liberty and 
estate, against the injuries and attempts of other men; but to 
judge of, and punish the breaches of that law in others, as he is 
persuaded the offence deserves, even with death itself, in crimes 
where the heinousness of the fact, in his opinion, requires it.  
But because no political society can be, nor subsist, without 
having in itself the power to preserve the property, and in order 
thereunto, punish the offences of all those of that society; 
there, and there only is political society, where every one of 
the members hath quitted this natural power, resigned it up into 
the hands of the community in all cases that exclude him not from 
appealing for protection to the law established by it.  And thus 
all private judgment of every particular member being excluded, 
the community comes to be umpire, by settled standing rules, 
indifferent, and the same to all parties; and by men having 
authority from the community, for the execution of those rules, 
decides all the differences that may happen between any members 
of that society concerning any matter of right; and punishes 
those offences which any member hath committed against the 
society, with such penalties as the law has established: whereby 
it is easy to discern, who are, and who are not, in political 
society together.  Those who are united into one body, and have a 
common established law and judicature to appeal to, with 
authority to decide controversies between them, and punish 
offenders, are in civil society one with another: but those who 

have no such common appeal, I mean on earth, are still in the 
state of nature, each being, where there is no other, judge for 
himself, and executioner; which is, as I have before shewed it, 
the perfect state of nature.  
     Sec. 88.  And thus the common-wealth comes by a power to set 
down what punishment shall belong to the several transgressions 
which they think worthy of it, committed amongst the members of 
that society, (which is the power of making laws) as well as it 
has the power to punish any injury done unto any of its members, 
by any one that is not of it, (which is the power of war and 
peace;) and all this for the preservation of the property of all 
the members of that society, as far as is possible.  But though 
every man who has entered into civil society, and is become a 
member of any commonwealth, has thereby quitted his power to 
punish offences, against the law of nature, in prosecution of his 
own private judgment, yet with the judgment of offences, which he 
has given up to the legislative in all cases, where he can appeal 
to the magistrate, he has given a right to the common-wealth to 
employ his force, for the execution of the judgments of the 
common-wealth, whenever he shall be called to it; which indeed 
are his own judgments, they being made by himself, or his 
representative.  And herein we have the original of the 
legislative and executive power of civil society, which is to 
judge by standing laws, how far offences are to be punished, when 
committed within the common-wealth; and also to determine, by 
occasional judgments founded on the present circumstances of the 
fact, how far injuries from without are to be vindicated; and in 
both these to employ all the force of all the members, when there 
shall be need.  
     Sec. 89.  Where-ever therefore any number of men are so 
united into one society, as to quit every one his executive power 
of the law of nature, and to resign it to the public, there and 
there only is a political, or civil society.  And this is done, 
where-ever any number of men, in the state of nature, enter into 
society to make one people, one body politic, under one supreme 
government; or else when any one joins himself to, and 
incorporates with any government already made: for hereby he 
authorizes the society, or which is all one, the legislative 
thereof, to make laws for him, as the public good of the society 
shall require; to the execution whereof, his own assistance (as 
to his own decrees) is due.  And this puts men out of a state of 
nature into that of a common-wealth, by setting up a judge on 
earth, with authority to determine all the controversies, and 
redress the injuries that may happen to any member of the 
commonwealth; which judge is the legislative, or magistrates 
appointed by it.  And where-ever there are any number  of  men,  
however associated, that have no such decisive power to appeal 
to, there they are still in the state of nature.  
     Sec. 90.  Hence it is evident, that absolute monarchy, which 
by some men is counted the only government in the world, is 
indeed inconsistent with civil society, and so can be no form of 
civil-government at all: for the end of civil society, being to 
avoid, and remedy those inconveniencies of the state of nature, 
which necessarily follow from every man's being judge in his own 
case, by setting up a known authority, to which every one of that 
society may appeal upon any injury received, or controversy that 
may arise, and which every one of the* society ought to obey; 
where-ever any persons are, who have not such an authority to 
appeal to, for the decision of any difference between them, there 
those persons are still in the state of nature; and so is every 
absolute prince, in respect of those who are under his dominion.  
     (*The public power of all society is above every soul 
contained in the same society; and the principal use of that 
power is, to give laws unto all that are under it, which laws in 
such cases we must obey, unless there be reason shewed which may 
necessarily inforce, that the law of reason, or of God, doth 

enjoin the contrary, Hook. Eccl. Pol. l. i. sect. 16.)  
     Sec. 91.  For he being supposed to have all, both 
legislative and executive power in himself alone, there is no 
judge to be found, no appeal lies open to any one, who may 
fairly, and indifferently, and with authority decide, and from 
whose decision relief and redress may be expected of any injury 
or inconviency, that may be suffered from the prince, or by his 
order: so that such a man, however intitled, Czar, or Grand 
Seignior, or how you please, is as much in the state of nature, 
with all under his dominion, as he is with therest of mankind: 
for where-ever any two men are, who have no standing rule, and 
common judge to appeal to on earth, for the determination of 
controversies of right betwixt them, there they are still in the 
state of* nature, and under all the inconveniencies of it, with 
only this woful difference to the subject, or rather slave of an 
absolute prince: that whereas, in the ordinary state of nature, 
he has a liberty to judge of his right, and according to the best 
of his power, to maintain it; now, whenever his property is 
invaded by the will and order of his monarch, he has not only no 
appeal, as those in society ought to have, but as if he were 
degraded from the common state of rational creatures, is denied a 
liberty to judge of, or to defend his right; and so is exposed to 
all the misery and inconveniencies, that a man can fear from one, 
who being in the unrestrained state of nature, is yet corrupted 
with flattery, and armed with power.  
     (*To take away all such mutual grievances, injuries and 
wrongs, i.e. such as attend men in the state of nature, there was 
no way but only by growing into composition and agreement amongst 
themselves, by ordaining some kind of govemment public, and by 
yielding themselves subject thereunto, that unto whom they 
granted authority to rule and govem, by them the peace, 
tranquillity and happy estate of the rest might be procured.  Men 
always knew that where force and injury was offered, they might 
be defenders of themselves; they knew that however men may seek 
their own commodity, yet if this were done with injury unto 
others, it was not to be suffered, but by all men, and all good 
means to be withstood.  Finally, they knew that no man might in 
reason take upon him to determine his own right, and according to 
his own determination proceed in maintenance thereof, in as much 
as every man is towards himself, and them whom he greatly 
affects, partial; and therefore that strifes and troubles would 
be endless, except they gave their common consent, all to be 
ordered by some, whom they should agree upon, without which 
consent there would be no reason that one man should take upon 
him to be lord or judge over another, Hooker's Eccl. Pol. l. i. 
sect. 10.)  
     Sec. 92.  For he that thinks absolute power purifies men's 
blood, and corrects the baseness of human nature, need read but 
the history of this, or any other age, to be convinced of the 
contrary.  He that would have been insolent and injurious in the 
woods of America, would not probably be much better in a throne; 
where perhaps learning and religion shall be found out to justify 
all that he shall do to his subjects, and the sword presently 
silence all those that dare question it: for what the protection 
of absolute monarchy is, what kind of fathers of their countries 
it makes princes to be and to what a degree of happiness and 
security it carries civil society, where this sort of government 
is grown to perfection, he that will look into the late relation 
of Ceylon, may easily see.  
     Sec. 93.  In absolute monarchies indeed, as well as other 
governments of the world, the subjects have an appeal to the law, 
and judges to decide any controversies, and restrain any violence 
that may happen betwixt the subjects themselves, one amongst 
another.  This every one thinks necessary, and believes he 
deserves to be thought a declared enemy to society and mankind, 
who should go about to take it away.  But whether this be from a 

true love of mankind and society, and such a charity as we owe 
all one to another, there is reason to doubt: for this is no more 
than what every man, who loves his own power, profit, or 
greatness, may and naturally must do, keep those animals from 
hurting, or destroying one another, who labour and drudge only 
for his pleasure and advantage; and so are taken care of, not out 
of any love the master has for them, but love of himself, and the 
profit they bring him: for if it be asked, what security, what 
fence is there, in such a state, against the violence and 
oppression of this absolute ruler? the very question can scarce 
be borne.  They are ready to tell you, that it deserves death 
only to ask after safety.  Betwixt subject and subject, they will 
grant, there must be measures, laws and judges, for their mutual 
peace and security: but as for the ruler, he ought to be 
absolute, and is above all such circumstances; because he has 
power to do more hurt and wrong, it is right when he does it.  To 
ask how you may be guarded from harm, or injury, on that side 
where the strongest hand is to do it, is presently the voice of 
faction and rebellion: as if when men quitting the state of 
nature entered into society, they agreed that all of them but 
one, should be under the restraint of laws, but that he should 
still retain all the liberty of the state of nature, increased 
with power, and made licentious by impunity.  This is to think, 
that men are so foolish, that they take care to avoid what 
mischiefs may be done them by pole-cats, or foxes; but are 
content, nay, think it safety, to be devoured by lions.  
     Sec. 94.  But whatever flatterers may talk to amuse people's 
understandings, it hinders not men from feeling; and when they 
perceive, that any man, in what station soever, is out of the 
bounds of the civil society which they are of, and that they have 
no appeal on earth against any harm, they may receive from him, 
they are apt to think themselves in the state of nature, in 
respect of him whom they find to be so; and to take care, as soon 
as they can, to have that safety and security in civil society, 
for which it was first instituted, and for which only they 
entered into it.  And therefore, though perhaps at first , (as 
shall be shewed more at large hereafter in the following part of 
this discourse) some one good and excellent man having got a 
pre -eminency amongst the rest, had this deference paid to his 
goodness and virtue, as to a kind of natural authority, that the 
chief rule, with arbitration of their differences, by a tacit 
consent devolved into his hands, without any other caution, but 
the assurance they had of his uprightness and wisdom; yet when 
time, giving authority, and (as some men would persuade us) 
sacredness of customs, which the negligent, and unforeseeing 
innocence of the first ages began, had brought in successors of 
another stamp, the people finding their properties not secure 
under the government, as then it was, (whereas government has no 
other end but the preservation of * property) could never be safe 
nor at rest, nor think themselves in civil society, till the 
legislature was placed in collective bodies of men, call them 
senate, parliament, or what you please.  By which means every 
single person became subject, equally with other the meanest men, 
to those laws, which he himself, as part of the legislative, had 
established; nor could any one, by his own authority; avoid the 
force of the law, when once made; nor by any pretence of 
superiority plead exemption, thereby to license his own, or the 
miscarriages of any of his dependents.**  No man in civil society 
can be exempted from the laws of it: for if any man may do what 
he thinks fit, and there be no appeal on earth, for redress or 
security against any harm he shall do; I ask, whether he be not 
perfectly still in the state of nature, and so can be no part or 
member of that civil society; unless any one will say, the state 
of nature and civil society are one and the same thing, which I 
have never yet found any one so great a patron of anarchy as to 
affirm.  

     (*At the first, when some certain kind of regiment was once 
appointed, it may be that nothing was then farther thought upon 
for the manner of goveming, but all permitted unto their wisdom 
and discretion, which were to rule, till by experience they found 
this for all parts very inconvenient, so as the thing which they 
had devised for a remedy, did indeed but increase the sore, which 
it should have cured.  They saw, that to live by one man's will, 
became the cause of all men's misery.  This constrained them to 
come unto laws, wherein all men might see their duty beforehand, 
and know the penalties of transgressing them.  Hooker's Eccl. 
Pol. l. i. sect. 10.)  
     (**Civil law being the act of the whole body politic, cloth 
therefore over-rule each several part of the same body.  Hooker, 
ibid.)  

 

                     CHAP.  VIII.

        Of the Beginning of Political Societies.

     Sec. 95.  MEN being, as has been said, by nature, all free, 
equal, and independent, no one can be put out of this estate, and 
subjected to the political power of another, without his own 
consent.  The only way whereby any one divests himself of his 
natural liberty, and puts on the bonds of civil society, is by 
agreeing with other men to join and unite into a community for 
their comfortable, safe, and peaceable living one amongst 
another, in a secure enjoyment of their properties, and a greater 
security against any, that are not of it.  This any number of men 
may do, because it injures not the freedom of the rest; they are 
left as they were in the liberty of the state of nature.  When 
any number of men have so consented to make one community or 
government, they are thereby presently incorporated, and make one 
body politic, wherein the majority have a right to act and 
conclude the rest.
     Sec. 96.  For when any number of men have, by the consent of 
every individual, made a community, they have thereby made that 
community one body, with a power to act as one body, which is 
only by the will and determination of the majority: for that 
which acts any community, being only the consent of the 
individuals of it, and it being necessary to that which is one 
body to move one way; it is necessary the body should move that 
way whither the greater force carries it, which is the consent of 
the majority: or else it is impossible it should act or continue 
one body, one community, which the consent of every individual 
that united into it, agreed that it should; and so every one is 
bound by that consent to be concluded by the majority.  And 
therefore we see, that in assemblies, impowered to act by 
positive laws, where no number is set by that positive law which 
impowers them, the act of the majority passes for the act of the 
whole, and of course determines, as having, by the law of nature 
and reason, the power of the whole.  
     Sec. 97.  And thus every man, by consenting with others to 
make one body politic under one government, puts himself under an 
obligation, to every one of that society, to submit to the 
determination of the majority, and to be concluded by it; or else 
this original compact, whereby he with others incorporates into 
one society, would signify nothing, and be no compact, if he be 
left free, and under no other ties than he was in before in the 
state of nature.  For what appearance would there be of any 
compact? what new engagement if he were no farther tied by any 
decrees of the society, than he himself thought fit, and did 
actually consent to?  This would be still as great a liberty, as 
he himself had before his compact, or any one else in the state 
of nature hath, who may submit himself, and consent to any acts 

of it if he thinks fit.  
     Sec. 98.  For if the consent of the majority shall not, in 
reason, be received as the act of the whole, and conclude every 
individual; nothing but the consent of every individual can make 
any thing to be the act of the whole: but such a consent is next 
to impossible ever to be had, if we consider the infirmities of 
health, and avocations of business, which in a number, though 
much less than that of a common-wealth, will necessarily keep 
many away from the public assembly.  To which if we add the 
variety of opinions, and contrariety of interests, which 
unavoidably happen in all collections of men, the coming into 
society upon such terms would be only like Cato's coming into the 
theatre, only to go out again.  Such a constitution as this would 
make the mighty Leviathan of a shorter duration, than the 
feeblest creatures, and not let it outlast the day it was bom in: 
which cannot be supposed, till we can think, that rational 
creatures should desire and constitute societies only to be 
dissolved: for where the majority cannot conclude the rest, there 
they cannot act as one body, and consequently will be immediately 
dissolved again.  
     Sec. 99.  Whosoever therefore out of a state of nature unite 
into a community, must be understood to give up all the power, 
necessary to the ends for which they unite into society, to the 
majority of the community, unless they expresly agreed in any 
number greater than the majority.  And this is done by barely 
agreeing to unite into one political society, which is all the 
compact that is, or needs be, between the individuals, that enter 
into, or make up a commonwealth.  And thus that, which begins and 
actually constitutes any political society, is nothing but the 
consent of any number of freemen capable of a majority to unite 
and incorporate into such a society.  And this is that, and that 
only, which did, or could give beginning to any lawful government 
in the world.  
     Sec. 100.  To this I find two objections made.
     First, That there are no instances to be found in story, of 
a company of men independent, and equal one amongst another, that 
met together, and in this way began and set up a government.  
     Secondly, It is impossible of right, that men should do so, 
because all men being born under government, they are to submit 
to that, and are not at liberty to begin a new one.  
     Sec. 101.  To the first there is this to answer, That it is 
not at all to be wondered, that history gives us but a very 
little account of men, that lived together in the state of 
nature.  The inconveniences of that condition, and the love and 
want of society, no sooner brought any number of them together, 
but they presently united and incorporated, if they designed to 
continue together.  And if we may not suppose men ever to have 
been in the state of nature, because we hear not much of them in 
such a state, we may as well suppose the armies of Salmanasser or 
Xerxes were never children, because we hear little of them, till 
they were men, and imbodied in armies.  Government is every where 
antecedent to records, and letters seldom come in amongst a 
people till a long continuation of civil society has, by other 
more necessary arts, provided for their safety, ease, and plenty: 
and then they begin to look after the history of their founders, 
and search into their original, when they have outlived the 
memory of it: for it is with commonwealths as with particular 
persons, they are commonly ignorant of their own births and 
infancies: and if they know any thing of their original, they are 
beholden for it, to the accidental records that others have kept 
of it.  And those that we have, of the beginning of any polities 
in the world, excepting that of the Jews, where God himself 
immediately interposed, and which favours not at all paternal 
dominion, are all either plain instances of such a beginning as I 
have mentioned, or at least have manifest footsteps of it.  


     Sec. 102.  He must shew a strange inclination to deny 
evident matter of fact, when it agrees not with his hypothesis, 
who will not allow, that shew a strange inclination to deny 
evident matter of fact, when it agrees not with his hypothesis, 
who will not allow, that the beginning of Rome and Venice were by 
the uniting together of several men free and independent one of 
another, amongst whom there was no natural superiority or 
subjection.  And if Josephus Acosta's word may be taken, he tells 
us, that in many parts of America there was no government at all.  
There are great and apparent conjectures, says he, that these 
men, speaking of those of Peru, for a long time had neither kings 
nor commonwealths, but lived in troops, as they do this day in 
Florida, the Cheriquanas, those of Brazil, and many other 
nations, which have no certain kings, but as occasion is offered, 
in peace or war, they choose their captains as they please, 1.  
i.  c.  25.  If it be said, that every man there was born subject 
to his father, or the head of his family; that the subjection due 
from a child to a father took not away his freedom of uniting 
into what political society he thought fit, has been already 
proved.  But be that as it will, these men, it is evident, were 
actually free; and whatever superiority some politicians now 
would place in any of them, they themselves claimed it not, but 
by consent were all equal, till by the same consent they set 
rulers over themselves.  So that their politic societies all 
began from a voluntary union, and the mutual agreement of men 
freely acting in the choice of their governors, and forms of 
government.  
     Sec. 103.  And I hope those who went away from Sparta with 
Palantus, mentioned by Justin, 1. iii. c. 4.  will be allowed to 
have been freemen independent one of another, and to have set up 
a government over themselves, by their own consent.  Thus I have 
given several examples, out of history, of people free and in the 
state of nature, that being met together incorporated and began a 
commonwealth.  And if the want of such instances be an argument 
to prove that government were not, nor could not be so begun, I 
suppose the contenders for paternal empire were better let it 
alone, than urge it against natural liberty: for if they can give 
so many instances, out of history, of governments begun upon 
paternal right, I think (though at best an argument from what has 
been, to what should of right be, has no great force) one might, 
without any great danger, yield them the cause.  But if I might 
advise them in the case, they would do well not to search too 
much into the original of governments, as they have begun de 
facto, lest they should find, at the foundation of most of them, 
something very little favourable to the design they promote, and 
such a power as they contend for.  
     Sec. 104.  But to conclude, reason being plain on our side, 
that men are naturally free, and the examples of history shewing, 
that the governments of the world, that were begun in peace, had 
their beginning laid on that foundation, and were made by the 
consent of the people; there can be little room for doubt, either 
where the right is, or what has been the opinion, or practice of 
mankind, about the first erecting of governments.  
     Sec. 105.  I will not deny, that if we look back as far as 
history will direct us, towards the original of commonwealths, we 
shall generally find them under the government and administration 
of one man.  And I am also apt to believe, that where a family 
was numerous enough to subsist by itself, and continued entire 
together, without mixing with others, as it often happens, where 
there is much land, and few people, the government commonly began 
in the father: for the father having, by the law of nature, the 
same power with every man else to punish, as he thought fit, any 
offences against that law, might thereby punish his transgressing 
children, even when they were men, and out of their pupilage; and 
they were very likely to submit to his punishment, and all join 
with him against the offender, in their turns, giving him thereby 

power to execute his sentence against any transgression, and so 
in effect make him the law-maker, and governor over all that 
remained in conjunction with his family.  He was fittest to be 
trusted; paternal affection secured their property and interest 
under his care; and the custom of obeying him, in their 
childhood, made it easier to submit to him, rather than to any 
other.  If therefore they must have one to rule them, as 
government is hardly to be avoided amongst men that live 
together; who so likely to be the man as he that was their common 
father; unless negligence, cruelty, or any other defect of mind 
or body made him unfit for it?  But when either the father died, 
and left his next heir, for want of age, wisdom, courage, or any 
other qualities, less fit for rule; or where several families 
met, and consented to continue together; there, it is not to be 
doubted, but they used their natural freedom, to set up him, whom 
they judged the ablest, and most likely, to rule well over them.  
Conformable hereunto we find the people of America, who (living 
out of the reach of the conquering swords, and spreading 
domination of the two great empires of Peru and Mexico) enjoyed 
their own natural freedom, though, caeteris paribus, they 
commonly prefer the heir of their deceased king; yet if they find 
him any way weak, or uncapable, they pass him by, and set up the 
stoutest and bravest man for their ruler.  
     Sec. 106.  Thus, though looking back as far as records give 
us any account of peopling the world, and the history of nations, 
we commonly find the government to be in one hand; yet it 
destroys not that which I affirm, viz. that the beginning of 
politic society depends upon the consent of the individuals, to 
join into, and make one society; who, when they are thus 
incorporated, might set up what form of government they thought 
fit.  But this having given occasion to men to mistake, and 
think, that by nature government was monarchical, and belonged to 
the father, it may not be amiss here to consider, why people in 
the beginning generally pitched upon this form, which though 
perhaps the father's pre-eminency might, in the first institution 
of some commonwealths, give a rise to, and place in the 
beginning, the power in one hand; yet it is plain that the 
reason, that continued the form of government in a single person, 
was not any regard, or respect to paternal authority; since all 
petty monarchies, that is, almost all monarchies, near their 
original, have been commonly, at least upon occasion, elective.  
     Sec. 107.  First then, in the beginning of things, the 
father's government of the childhood of those sprung from him, 
having accustomed them to the rule of one man, and taught them 
that where it was exercised with care and skill, with affection 
and love to those under it, it was sufficient to procure and 
preserve to men all the political happiness they sought for in 
society.  It was no wonder that they should pitch upon, and 
naturally run into that form of government, which from their 
infancy they had been all accustomed to; and which, by 
experience, they had found both easy and safe.  To which, if we 
add, that monarchy being simple, and most obvious to men, whom 
neither experience had instructed in forms of government, nor the 
ambition or insolence of empire had taught to beware of the 
encroachments of prerogative, or the inconveniences of absolute 
power, which monarchy in succession was apt to lay claim to, and 
bring upon them, it was not at all strange, that they should not 
much trouble themselves to think of methods of restraining any 
exorbitances of those to whom they had given the authority over 
them, and of balancing the power of government, by placing 
several parts of it in different hands.  They had neither felt 
the oppression of tyrannical dominion, nor did the fashion of the 
age, nor their possessions, or way of living, (which afforded 
little matter for covetousness or ambition) give them any reason 
to apprehend or provide against it; and therefore it is no wonder 
they put themselves into such a frame of government, as was not 

only, as I said, most obvious and simple, but also best suited to 
their present state and condition; which stood more in need of 
defence against foreign invasions and injuries, than of 
multiplicity of laws.  The equality of a simple poor way of 
living, confining their desires within the narrow bounds of each 
man's small property, made few controversies, and so no need of 
many laws to decide them, or variety of officers to superintend 
the process, or look after the execution of justice, where there 
were but few trespasses, and few offenders.  Since then those, 
who like one another so well as to join into society, cannot but 
be supposed to have some acquaintance and friendship together, 
and some trust one in another; they could not but have greater 
apprehensions of others, than of one another: and therefore their 
first care and thought cannot but be supposed to be, how to 
secure themselves against foreign force.  It was natural for them 
to put themselves under a frame of government which might best 
serve to that end, and chuse the wisest and bravest man to 
conduct them in their wars, and lead them out against their 
enemies, and in this chiefly be their ruler.
     Sec. 108.  Thus we see, that the kings of the Indians in 
America, which is still a pattern of the first ages in Asia and 
Europe, whilst the inhabitants were too few for the country, and 
want of people and money gave men no temptation to enlarge their 
possessions of land, or contest for wider extent of ground, are 
little more than generals of their armies; and though they 
command absolutely in war, yet at home and in time of peace they 
exercise very little dominion, and have but a very moderate 
sovereignty, the resolutions of peace and war being ordinarily 
either in the people, or in a council.  Tho' the war itself, 
which admits not of plurality of governors, naturally devolves 
the command into the king's sole authority.
     Sec. 109.  And thus in Israel itself, the chief business of 
their judges, and first kings, seems to have been to be captains 
in war, and leaders of their armies; which (besides what is 
signified by going out and in before the people, which was, to 
march forth to war, and home again in the heads of their forces) 
appears plainly in the story of lephtha.  The Ammonites making 
war upon Israel, the Gileadites in fear send to lephtha, a 
bastard of their family whom they had cast off, and article with 
him, if he will assist them against the Ammonites, to make him 
their ruler; which they do in these words, And the people made 
him head and captain over them, Judg.  xi, ii.  which was, as it 
seems, all one as to be judge.  And he judged Israel, judg.  xii.  
7.  that is, was their captain-general six years.  So when lotham 
upbraids the Shechemites with the obligation they had to Gideon, 
who had been their judge and ruler, he tells them, He fought for 
you, and adventured his life far, and delivered you out of the 
hands of Midian, Judg.  ix.  17.  Nothing mentioned of him but 
what he did as a general: and indeed that is all is found in his 
history, or in any of the rest of the judges.  And Abimelech 
particularly is called king, though at most he was but their 
general.  And when, being weary of the ill conduct of Samuel's 
sons, the children of Israel desired a king, like all the nations 
to judge them, and to go out before them, and to fight their 
battles, I.  Sam viii.  20.  God granting their desire, says to 
Samuel, I will send thee a man, and thou shalt anoint him to be 
captain over my people Israel, that he may save my people out of 
the hands of the Philistines, ix.  16.  As if the only business 
of a king had been to lead out their armies, and fight in their 
defence; and accordingly at his inauguration pouring a vial of 
oil upon him, declares to Saul, that the Lord had anointed him to 
be captain over his inheritance, x.  1.  And therefore those, who 
after Saul's being solemnly chosen and saluted king by the tribes 
at Mispah, were unwilling to have him their king, made no other 
objection but this, How shall this man save us?  v.  27.  as if 
they should have said, this man is unfit to be our king, not 

having skill and conduct enough in war, to be able to defend us.  
And when God resolved to transfer the government to David, it is 
in these words, But now thy kingdom shall not continue: the Lord 
hath sought him a man after his own heart, and the Lord hath 
commanded him to be captain over his people, xiii.  14.  As if 
the whole kingly authority were nothing else but to be their 
general: and therefore the tribes who had stuck to Saul's family, 
and opposed David's reign, when they came to Hebron with terms of 
submission to him, they tell him, amongst other arguments they 
had to submit to him as to their king, that he was in effect 
their king in Saul's time, and therefore they had no reason but 
to receive him as their king now.  Also (say they) in time past, 
when Saul was king over us, thou wast he that reddest out and 
broughtest in Israel, and the Lord said unto thee, Thou shalt 
feed my people Israel, and thou shalt be a captain over Israel.
     Sec. 110.  Thus, whether a family by degrees grew up into a 
common-wealth, and the fatherly authority being continued on to 
the elder son, every one in his turn growing up under it, tacitly 
submitted to it, and the easiness and equality of it not 
offending any one, every one acquiesced, till time seemed to have 
confirmed it, and settled a right of succession by prescription: 
or whether several families, or the descendants of several 
families, whom chance, neighbourhood, or business brought 
together, uniting into society, the need of a general, whose 
conduct might defend them against their enemies in war, and the 
great confidence the innocence and sincerity of that poor but 
virtuous age, (such as are almost all those which begin 
governments, that ever come to last in the world) gave men one of 
another, made the first beginners of commonwealths generally put 
the rule into one man's hand, without any other express 
limitation or restraint, but what the nature of the thing, and 
the end of government required: which ever of those it was that 
at first put the rule into the hands of a single person, certain 
it is no body was intrusted with it but for the public good and 
safety, and to those ends, in the infancies of commonwealths, 
those who had it commonly used it.  And unless they had done so, 
young societies could not have subsisted; without such nursing 
fathers tender and careful of the public weal, all governments 
would have sunk under the weakness and infirmities of their 
infancy, and the prince and the people had soon perished 
together.
     Sec. 111.  But though the golden age (before vain ambition, 
and amor sceleratus habendi, evil concupiscence, had corrupted 
men's minds into a mistake of true power and honour) had more 
virtue, and consequently better governors, as well as less 
vicious subjects, and there was then no stretching prerogative on 
the one side, to oppress the people; nor consequently on the 
other, any dispute about privilege, to lessen or restrain the 
power of the magistrate, and so no contest betwixt rulers and 
people about governors or goveernment: yet, when ambition and 
luxury in future ages* would retain and increase the power, 
without doing the business for which it was given; and aided by 
flattery, taught princes to have distinct and separate interests 
from their people, men found it necessary to examine more 
carefully the original and rights of government; and to find out 
ways to restrain the exorbitances, and prevent the abuses of that 
power, which they having intrusted in another's hands only for 
their own good, they found was made use of to hurt them.
     (*At first, when some certain kind of regiment was once 
approved, it may be nothing was then farther thought upon for the 
manner of governing, but all permitted unto their wisdom and 
discretion which were to rule, till by experience they found this 
for all parts very inconvenient, so as the thing which they had 
devised for a remedy, did indeed but increase the sore which it 
should have cured.  They saw, that to live by one man's will, 
became the cause of all men's misery.  This constrained them to 

come unto laws wherein all men might see their duty before hand, 
and know the penalties of transgressing them.  Hooker's Eccl. 
Pol. l. i. sect. 10.)
    Sec. 112.  Thus we may see how probable it is, that people 
that were naturally free, and by their own consent either 
submitted to the government of their father, or united together 
out of different families to make a government, should generally 
put the rule into one man's hands, and chuse to be under the 
conduct of a single person, without so much as by express 
conditions limiting or regulating his power, which they thought 
safe enough in his honesty and prudence; though they never 
dreamed of  monarchy  being  lure Divino, which we never heard of 
among mankind, till it was revealed to us by the divinity of this 
last age; nor ever allowed paternal power to have a right to 
dominion, or to be the foundation of all  government.  And thus 
much may suffice to shew, that as far as we have any light from 
history, we have reason to conclude, that all peaceful beginnings 
of government have been laid in the consent of the people.  I say 
peaceful, because I shall have occasion in another place to speak 
of conquest, which some esteem a way of beginning of governments.
     The other objection I find urged against the beginning of 
polities, in the way I have mentioned, is this, viz.
     Sec. 113.  That all men being born under government, some or 
other, it is impossible any of them should ever be free, and at 
liberty to unite together, and begin a new one, or ever be able 
to erect a lawful government.
     If this argument be good; I ask, how came so many lawful 
monarchies into the world? for if any body, upon this 
supposition, can shew me any one man in any age of the world free 
to begin a lawful monarchy, I will be bound to shew him ten other 
free men at liberty, at the same time to unite and begin a new 
government under a regal, or any other form; it being 
demonstration, that if any one, born under the dominion of 
another, may be so free as to have a right to command others in a 
new and distinct empire, every one that is born under the 
dominion of another may be so free too, and may become a ruler, 
or subject, of a distinct separate government.   And so by this 
their own principle, either all men, however born, are free, or 
else there is but one lawful prince, one lawful government in the 
world.  And then they have nothing to do, but barely to shew us 
which that is; which when they have done, I doubt not but all 
mankind will easily agree to pay obedience to him.
     Sec. 114.  Though it be a sufficient answer to their 
objection, to shew that it involves them in the same difficulties 
that it doth those they use it against; yet I shall endeavour to 
discover the weakness of this argument a little farther.    All 
men, say they, are born under government, and therefore they 
cannot be at liberty to begin a new one.  Every one is born a 
subject to his father, or his prince, and is therefore under the 
perpetual tie of subjection and allegiance.  It is plain mankind 
never owned nor considered any such natural subjection that they 
were born in, to one or to the other that tied them, without 
their own consents, to a subjection to them and their heirs.
     Sec. 115.  For there are no examples so frequent in history, 
both sacred and profane, as those of men withdrawing themselves, 
and their obedience, from the jurisdiction they were born under, 
and the family or community they were bred up in, and setting up 
new governments in other places; from whence sprang all that 
number of petty commonwealths in the beginning of ages, and which 
always multiplied, as long as there was room enough, till the 
stronger, or more fortunate, swallowed the weaker; and those 
great ones again breaking to pieces, dissolved into lesser 
dominions.  All which are so many testimonies against paternal 
sovereignty, and plainly prove, that it was not the natural right 
of the father descending to his heirs, that made governments in 
the beginning, since it was impossible, upon that ground, there 

should have been so many little kingdoms; all must have been but 
only one universal monarchy, if men had not been at liberty to 
separate themselves from their families, and the government, be 
it what it will, that was set up in it, and go and make distinct 
commonwealths and other governments, as they thought fit.
     Sec. 116.  This has been the practice of the world from its 
first beginning to this day; nor is it now any more hindrance to 
the freedom of mankind, that they are born under constituted and 
ancient polities, that have established laws, and set forms of 
government, than if they were born in the woods, amongst the 
unconfined inhabitants, that run loose in them: for those, who 
would persuade us, that by being born under any government, we 
are naturally subjects to it, and have no more any title or 
pretence to the freedom of the state of nature, have no other 
reason (bating that of paternal power, which we have already 
answered) to produce for it, but only, because our fathers or 
progenitors passed away their natural liberty, and thereby bound 
up themselves and their posterity to a perpetual subjection to 
the government, which they themselves submitted to.  It is true, 
that whatever engagements or promises any one has made for 
himself, he is under the obligation of them, but cannot, by any 
compact whatsoever, bind his children or posterity: for his son, 
when a man, being altogether as free as the father, any act of 
the father can no more give away the liberty of the son, than it 
can of any body else: he may indeed annex such conditions to the 
land, he enjoyed as a subject of any common-wealth, as may oblige 
his son to be of that community, if he will enjoy those 
possessions which were his father's; because that estate being 
his father's property, he may dispose, or settle it, as he 
pleases.
     Sec. 117.  And this has generally given the occasion to 
mistake in this matter; because commonwealths not permitting any 
part of their dominions to be dismembered, nor to be enjoyed by 
any but those of their community, the son cannot ordinarily enjoy 
the possessions of his father, but under the same terms his 
father did, by becoming a member of the society; whereby he puts 
himself presently under the government he finds there 
established, as much as any other subject of that common-wealth.  
And thus the consent of freemen, born under government, which 
only makes them members of it, being given separately in their 
turns, as each comes to be of age, and not in a multitude 
together; people take no notice of it, and thinking it not done 
at all, or not necessary, conclude they are naturally subjects as 
they are men.
     Sec. 118.  But, it is plain, governments themselves 
understand it otherwise; they claim no power over the son, 
because of that they had over the father; nor look on children as 
being their subjects, by their fathers being so.  If a subject of 
England have a child, by an English woman in France, whose 
subject is he?  Not the king of England's; for he must have leave 
to be admitted to the privileges of it: nor the king of France's; 
for how then has his father a liberty to bring him away, and 
breed him as he pleases? and who ever was judged as a traytor or 
deserter, if he left, or warred against a country, for being 
barely born in it of parents that were aliens there?  It is plain 
then, by the practice of governments themselves, as well as by 
the law of right reason, that a child is born a subject of no 
country or government.  He is under his father's tuition and 
authority, till he comes to age of discretion; and then he is a 
freeman, at liberty what government he will put himself under, 
what body politic he will unite himself to: for if an 
Englishman's son, born in France, be at liberty, and may do so, 
it is evident there is no tie upon him by his father's being a 
subject of this kingdom; nor is he bound up by any compact of his 
ancestors.  And why then hath not his son, by the same reason, 
the same liberty, though he be born any where else?  Since the 

power that a father hath naturally over his children, is the 
same, where-ever they be born, and the ties of natural 
obligations, are not bounded by the positive limits of kingdoms 
and commonwealths.
     Sec. 119.  Every man being, as has been shewed, naturally 
free, and nothing being able to put him into subjection to any 
earthly power, but only his own consent; it is to be considered, 
what shall be understood to be a sufficient declaration of a 
man's consent, to make him subject to the laws of any government.  
There is a common distinction of an express and a tacit consent, 
which will concern our present case.  No body doubts but an 
express consent, of any man entering into any society, makes him 
a perfect member of that society, a subject of that government.  
The difficulty is, what ought to be looked upon as a tacit 
consent, and how far it binds, i.e.   how far any one shall be 
looked on to have consented, and thereby submitted to any 
government, where he has made no expressions of it at all.  And 
to this I say, that every man, that hath any possessions, or 
enjoyment, of any part of the dominions of any government, cloth 
thereby give his tacit consent, and is as far forth obliged to 
obedience to the laws of that government, during such enjoyment, 
as any one under it; whether this his possession be of land, to 
him and his heirs for ever, or a lodging only for a week; or 
whether it be barely travelling freely on the highway; and in 
effect, it reaches as far as the very being of any one within the 
territories of that government.
     Sec. 120.  To understand this the better, it is fit to 
consider, that every man, when he at first incorporates himself 
into any commonwealth, he, by his uniting himself thereunto, 
annexed also, and submits to the community, those possessions, 
which he has, or shall acquire, that do not already belong to any 
other government: for it would be a direct contradiction, for any 
one to enter into society with others for the securing and 
regulating of property; and yet to suppose his land, whose 
property is to be regulated by the laws of the society, should be 
exempt from the jurisdiction of that government, to which he 
himself, the proprietor of the land, is a subject.   By the same 
act therefore, whereby any one unites his person, which was 
before free, to any common-wealth, by the same he unites his 
possessions, which were before free, to it also; and they become, 
both of them, person and possession, subject to the government 
and dominion of that common-wealth, as long as it hath a being.  
VVhoever therefore, from thenceforth, by inheritance, purchase, 
permission, or otherways, enjoys any part of the land, so annexed 
to, and under the government of that common-wealth, must take it 
with the condition it is under; that is, of submitting to the 
government of the common-wealth, under whose jurisdiction it is, 
as far forth as any subject of it.
     Sec. 121.  But since the government has a direct 
jurisdiction only over the land, and reaches the possessor of it, 
(before he has actually incorporated himself in the society) only 
as he dwells upon, and enjoys that; the obligation any one is 
under, by virtue of such enjoyment, to submit to the government, 
begins and ends with the enjoyment; so that whenever the owner, 
who has given nothing but such a tacit consent to the government, 
will, by donation, sale, or otherwise, quit the said possession, 
he is at liberty to go and incorporate himself into any other 
common-wealth; or to agree with others to begin a new one, in 
vacuis locis, in any part of the world, they can find free and 
unpossessed: whereas he, that has once, by actual agreement, and 
any express declaration, given his consent to be of any common-
wealth, is perpetually and indispensably obliged to be, and 
remain unalterably a subject to it, and can never be again in the 
liberty of the state of nature; unless, by any calamity, the 
government he was under comes to be dissolved; or else by some 
public act cuts him off from being any longer a member of it.

     Sec. 122.  But submitting to the laws of any country, living 
quietly, and enjoying privileges and protection under them, makes 
not a man a member of that society: this is only a local 
protection and homage due to and from all those, who, not being 
in a state of war, come within the territories belonging to any 
government, to all parts whereof the force of its laws extends.  
But this no more makes a man a member of that society, a 
perpetual subject of that common-wealth, than it would make a man 
a subject to another, in whose family he found it convenient to 
abide for some time; though, whilst he continued in it, he were 
obliged to comply with the laws, and submit to the government he 
found there.  And thus we see, that foreigners, by living all 
their lives under another government, and enjoying the privileges 
and protection of it, though they are bound, even in conscience, 
to submit to its administration, as far forth as any denison; yet 
do not thereby come to be subjects or members of that common-
wealth.  Nothing can make any man so, but his actually entering 
into it by positive engagement, and express promise and compact.  
This is that, which I think, concerning the beginning of 
political societies, and that consent which makes any one a 
member of any common-wealth.



                      CHAP.  IX.
      
    Of the Ends of Political Society and Government.

    Sec. 123.  IF man in the state of nature be so free, as has 
been said; if he be absolute lord of his own person and 
possessions, equal to the greatest, and subject to no body, why 
will he part with his freedom? why will he give up this empire, 
and subject himself to the dominion and controul of any other 
power?  To which it is obvious to answer, that though in the 
state of nature he hath such a right, yet the enjoyment of it is 
very uncertain, and constantly exposed to the invasion of others: 
for all being kings as much as he, every man his equal, and the 
greater part no strict observers of equity and justice, the 
enjoyment of the property he has in this state is very unsafe, 
very unsecure.  This makes him willing to quit a condition, 
which, however free, is full of fears and continual dangers: and 
it is not without reason, that he seeks out, and is willing to 
join in society with others, who are already united, or have a 
mind to unite, for the mutual preservation of their lives, 
liberties and estates, which I call by the general name, 
property.
     Sec. 124.  The great and chief end, therefore, of men's 
uniting into commonwealths, and putting themselves under 
government, is the preservation of their property.  To which in 
the state of nature there are many things wanting.   
     First, There wants an established, settled, known law, 
received and allowed by common consent to be the standard of 
right and wrong, and the common measure to decide all 
controversies between them: for though the law of nature be plain 
and intelligible to all rational creatures; yet men being biassed 
by their interest, as well as ignorant for want of study of it, 
are not apt to allow of it as a law binding to them in the 
application of it to their particular cases.
     Sec. 125.  Secondly, In the state of nature there wants a 
known and indifferent judge, with authority to determine all 
differences according to the established law: for every one in 
that state being both judge and executioner of the law of nature, 
men being partial to themselves, passion and revenge is very apt 
to carry them too far, and with too much heat, in their own 
cases; as well as negligence, and unconcernedness, to make them 
too remiss in other men's.

     Sec. 126.  Thirdly, In the state of nature there often wants 
power to back and support the sentence when right, and to give it 
due execution, They who by any injustice offended, will seldom 
fail, where they are able, by force to make good their injustice; 
such resistance many times makes the punishment dangerous, and 
frequently destructive, to those who attempt it.
     Sec. 127.  Thus mankind, notwithstanding all the privileges 
of the state of nature, being but in an ill condition, while they 
remain in it, are quickly driven into society.  Hence it comes to 
pass, that we seldom find any number of men live any time 
together in this state.   The inconveniencies that they are 
therein exposed to, by the irregular and uncertain exercise of 
the power every man has of punishing the transgressions of 
others, make them take sanctuary under the established laws of 
government, and therein seek the preservation of their property.  
It is this makes them so willingly give up every one his single 
power of punishing, to be exercised by such alone, as shall be 
appointed to it amongst them; and by such rules as the community, 
or those authorized by them to that purpose, shall agree on.  And 
in this we have the original right and rise of both the 
legislative and executive power, as well as of the governments 
and societies themselves.
     Sec. 128.  For in the state of nature, to omit the liberty 
he has of innocent delights, a man has two powers.
     The first is to do whatsoever he thinks fit for the 
preservation of himself, and others within the permission of the 
law of nature: by which law, common to them all, he and all the 
rest of mankind are one community, make up one society, distinct 
from all other creatures.  And were it not for the corruption and 
vitiousness of degenerate men, there would be no need of any 
other; no necessity that men should separate from this great and 
natural community, and by positive agreements combine into 
smaller and divided associations.
     The other power a man has in the state of nature, is the 
power to punish the crimes committed against that law.  Both 
these he gives up, when he joins in a private, if I may so call 
it, or particular politic society, and incorporates into any 
common-wealth, separate from the rest of mankind.
     Sec. 129.  The first power, viz.  of doing whatsoever he 
thought for the preservation of himself, and the rest of mankind, 
he gives up to be regulated by laws made by the society, so far 
forth as the preservation of himself, and the rest of that 
society shall require; which laws of the society in many things 
confine the liberty he had by the law of nature.
     Sec. 130.  Secondly, The power of punishing he wholly gives 
up, and engages his natural force, (which he might before employ 
in the execution of the law of nature, by his own single 
authority, as he thought fit) to assist the executive power of 
the society, as the law thereof shall require: for being now in a 
new state, wherein he is to enjoy many conveniencies, from the 
labour, assistance, and society of others in the same community, 
as well as protection from its whole strength; he is to part also 
with as much of his natural liberty, in providing for himself, as 
the good, prosperity, and safety of the society shall require; 
which is not only necessary, but just, since the other members of 
the society do the like.
     Sec. 131.  But though men, when they enter into society, 
give up the equality, liberty, and executive power they had in 
the state of nature, into the hands of the society, to be so far 
disposed of by the legislative, as the good of the society shall 
require; yet it being only with an intention in every one the 
better to preserve himself, his liberty and property; (for no 
rational creature can be supposed to change his condition with an 
intention to be worse) the power of the society, or legislative 
constituted by them, can never be supposed to extend farther, 
than the common good; but is obliged to secure every one's 

property, by providing against those three defects above 
mentioned, that made the state of nature so unsafe and uneasy.  
And so whoever has the legislative or supreme power of any 
common-wealth, is bound to govern by established standing laws, 
promulgated and known to the people, and not by extemporary 
decrees; by indifferent and upright judges, who are to decide 
controversies by those laws; and to employ the force of the 
community at home, only in the execution of such laws, or abroad 
to prevent or redress foreign injuries, and secure the community 
from inroads and invasion.  And all this to be directed to no 
other end, but the peace, safety, and public good of the people.

   

                         CHAP.  X.

             Of the Forms of a Common-wealth.

    Sec. 132.  THE majority having, as has been shewed, upon 
men's first uniting into society, the whole power of the 
community naturally in them, may employ all that power in making 
laws for the community from time to time, and executing those 
laws by officers of their own appointing; and then the form of 
the government is a perfect democracy: or else may put the power 
of making laws into the hands of a few select men, and their 
heirs or successors; and then it is an oligarchy: or else into 
the hands of one man, and then it is a monarchy: if to him and 
his heirs, it is an hereditary monarchy: if to him only for life, 
but upon his death the power only of nominating a successor to 
return to them; an elective monarchy.  And so accordingly of 
these the community may make compounded and mixed forms of 
government, as they think good.  And if the legislative power be 
at first given by the majority to one or more persons only for 
their lives, or any limited time, and then the supreme power to 
revert to them again; when it is so reverted, the community may 
dispose of it again anew into what hands they please, and so 
constitute a new form of government: for the form of government 
depending upon the placing the supreme power, which is the 
legislative, it being impossible to conceive that an inferior 
power should prescribe to a superior, or any but the supreme make 
laws, according as the power of making laws is placed, such is 
the form of the common-wealth.
     Sec. 133.  By common-wealth, I must be understood all along 
to mean, not a democracy, or any form of government, but any 
independent community, which the Latines signified by the word 
civitas, to which the word which best answers in our language, is 
common-wealth, and most properly expresses such a society of men, 
which community or city in English does not; for there may be 
subordinate communities in a government; and city amongst us has 
a quite different notion from common-wealth: and therefore, to 
avoid ambiguity, I crave leave to use the word common-wealth in 
that sense, in which I find it used by king James the first; and 
I take it to be its genuine signification; which if any body 
dislike, I consent with him to change it for a better.



                        CHAP.  XI.

         Of the Extent of the Legislative Power.

     Sec. 134.  THE great end of men's entering into society, 
being the enjoyment of their properties in peace and safety, and 
the great instrument and means of that being the laws established 
in that society; the first and fundamental positive law of all 
commonwealths is the establishing of the legislative power; as 

the first and fundamental natural law, which is to govern even 
the legislative itself, is the preservation of the society, and 
(as far as will consist with the public good) of every person in 
it.  This legislative is not only the supreme power of the 
common-wealth, but sacred and unalterable in the hands where the 
community have once placed it; nor can any edict of any body 
else, in what form soever conceived, or by what power soever 
backed, have the force and obligation of a law, which has not its 
sanction from that legislative which the public has chosen and 
appointed: for without this the law could not have that, which is 
absolutely necessary to its being a law, * the consent of the 
society, over whom no body can have a power to make laws, but by 
their own consent, and by authority received from them; and 
therefore all the obedience, which by the most solemn ties any 
one can be obliged to pay, ultimately terminates in this supreme 
power, and is directed by those laws which it enacts: nor can any 
oaths to any foreign power whatsoever, or any domestic 
subordinate power, discharge any member of the society from his 
obedience to the legislative, acting pursuant to their trust; nor 
oblige him to any obedience contrary to the laws so enacted, or 
farther than they do allow; it being ridiculous to imagine one 
can be tied ultimately to obey any power in the society, which is 
not the supreme.
     (*The lawful power of making laws to command whole politic 
societies of men, belonging so properly unto the same intire 
societies, that for any prince or potentate of what kind soever 
upon earth, to exercise the same of himself, and not by express 
commission immediately and personally received from God, or else 
by authority derived at the first from their consent, upon whose 
persons they impose laws, it is no better than mere tyranny.  
Laws they are not therefore which public approbation hath not 
made so.  Hooker's Eccl. Pol. l. i. sect. 10.  Of this point 
therefore we are to note, that sith men naturally have no full 
and perfect power to command whole politic multitudes of men, 
therefore utterly without our consent, we could in such sort be 
at no man's commandment living.  And to be commanded we do 
consent, when that society, whereof we be a part, hath at any 
time before consented, without revoking the same after by the 
like universal agreement.
     Laws therefore human, of what kind so ever, are available by 
consent.  Ibid.)
     Sec. 135.  Though the legislative, whether placed in one or 
more, whether it be always in being, or only by intervals, though 
it be the supreme power in every common-wealth; yet,
     First, It is not, nor can possibly be absolutely arbitrary 
over the lives and fortunes of the people: for it being but the 
joint power of every member of the society given up to that 
person, or assembly, which is legislator; it can be no more than 
those persons had in a state of nature before they entered into 
society, and gave up to the community: for no body can transfer 
to another more power than he has in himself; and no body has an 
absolute arbitrary power over himself, or over any other, to 
destroy his own life, or take away the life or property of 
another.  A man, as has been proved, cannot subject himself to 
the arbitrary power of another; and having in the state of nature 
no arbitrary power over the life, liberty, or possession of 
another, but only so much as the law of nature gave him for the 
preservation of himself, and the rest of mankind; this is all he 
cloth, or can give up to the common-wealth, and by it to the 
legislative power, so that the legislative can have no more than 
this.   Their power, in the utmost bounds of it, is limited to 
the public good of the society.  It is a power, that hath no 
other end but preservation, and therefore can never* have a right 
to destroy, enslave, or designedly to impoverish the subjects.  
The obligations of the law of nature cease not in society, but 
only in many cases are drawn closer, and have by human laws known 

penalties annexed to them, to inforce their observation.  Thus 
the law of nature stands as an eternal rule to all men, 
legislators as well as others.  The rules that they make for 
other men's actions, must, as well as their own and other men's 
actions, be conformable to the law of nature, i.e.  to the will 
of God, of which that is a declaration, and the fundamental law 
of nature being the preservation of mankind, no human sanction 
can be good, or valid against it.
     (*Two foundations there are which bear up public societies; 
the one a natural inclination, whereby all men desire sociable 
life and fellowship; the other an order, expresly or secretly 
agreed upon, touching the manner of their union in living 
together: the latter is that which we call the law of a common-
weal, the very soul of a politic body, the parts whereof are by 
law animated, held together, and set on work in such actions as 
the common good requireth.  Laws politic, ordained for external 
order and regiment amongst men, are never framed as they should 
be, unless presuming the will of man to be inwardly obstinate, 
rebellious, and averse from all obedience to the sacred laws of 
his nature; in a word, unless presuming man to be, in regard of 
his depraved mind, little better than a wild beast, they do 
accordingly provide, notwithstanding, so to frame his outward 
actions, that they be no hindrance unto the common good, for 
which societies are instituted.  Unless they do this, they are 
not perfect.  Hooker's Eccl. Pol. l. i. sect. 10.)
     Sec. 136.  Secondly,* The legislative, or supreme authority, 
cannot assume to its self a power to rule by extemporary 
arbitrary decrees, but is bound to dispense justice, and decide 
the rights of the subject by promulgated standing laws, and known 
authorized judges: for the law of nature being unwritten, and so 
no where to be found but in the minds of men, they who through 
passion or interest shall miscite, or misapply it, cannot so 
easily be convinced of their mistake where there is no 
established judge: and so it serves not, as it ought, to 
determine the rights, and fence the properties of those that live 
under it, especially where every one is judge, interpreter, and 
executioner of it too, and that in his own case: and he that has 
right on his side, having ordinarily but his own single strength, 
hath not force enough to defend himself from injuries, or to 
punish delinquents.  To avoid these inconveniences, which 
disorder men's propperties in the state of nature, men unite into 
societies, that they may have the united strength of the whole 
society to secure and defend their properties, and may have 
standing rules to bound it, by which every one may know what is 
his.  To this end it is that men give up all their natural power 
to the society which they enter into, and the community put the 
legislative power into such hands as they think fit, with this 
trust, that they shall be governed by declared laws, or else 
their peace, quiet, and property will still be at the same 
uncertainty, as it was in the state of nature.
     (*Human laws are measures in respect of men whose actions 
they must direct, howbeit such measures they are as have also 
their higher rules to be measured by, which rules are two, the 
law of God, and the law of nature; so that laws human must be 
made according to the general laws of nature, and without 
contradiction to any positive law of scripture, otherwise they 
are ill made.  Hooker's Eccl. Pol. l. iii. sect. 9.
     To constrain men to any thing inconvenient cloth seem 
unreasonable.  Ibid. l. i. sect. 10.)
     Sec. 137.  Absolute arbitrary power, or governing without 
settled standing laws, can neither of them consist with the ends 
of society and government, which men would not quit the freedom 
of the state of nature for, and tie themselves up under, were it 
not to preserve their lives, liberties and fortunes, and by 
stated rules of right and property to secure their peace and 
quiet.  It cannot be supposed that they should intend, had they a 

power so to do, to give to any one, or more, an absolute 
arbitrary power over their persons and estates, and put a force 
into the magistrate's hand to execute his unlimited will 
arbitrarily upon them.  This were to put themselves into a worse 
condition than the state of nature, wherein they had a liberty to 
defend their right against the injuries of others, and were upon 
equal terms of force to maintain it, whether invaded by a single 
man, or many in combination.  Whereas by supposing they have 
given up themselves to the absolute arbitrary power and will of a 
legislator, they have disarmed themselves, and armed him, to make 
a prey of them when he pleases; he being in a much worse 
condition, who is exposed to the arbitrary power of one man, who 
has the command of 100,000, than he that is exposed to the 
arbitrary power of 100,000 single men; no body being secure, that 
his will, who has such a command, is better than that of other 
men, though his force be 100,000 times stronger.  And therefore, 
whatever form the common-wealth is under, the ruling power ought 
to govern by declared and received laws, and not by extemporary 
dictates and undetermined resolutions: for then mankind will be 
in a far worse condition than in the state of nature, if they 
shall have armed one, or a few men with the joint power of a 
multitude, to force them to obey at pleasure the exorbitant and 
unlimited decrees of their sudden thoughts, or unrestrained, and 
till that moment unknown wills, without having any measures set 
down which may guide and justify their actions: for all the power 
the government has, being only for the good of the society, as it 
ought not to be arbitrary and at pleasure, so it ought to be 
exercised by established and promulgated laws; that both the 
people may know their duty, and be safe and secure within the 
limits of the law; and the rulers too kept within their bounds, 
and not be tempted, by the power they have in their hands, to 
employ it to such purposes, and by such measures, as they would 
not have known, and own not willingly.
     Sec. 138.  Thirdly, The supreme power cannot take from any 
man any part of his property without his own consent: for the 
preservation of property being the end of government, and that 
for which men enter into society, it necessarily supposes and 
requires, that the people should have property, without which 
they must be supposed to lose that, by entering into society, 
which was the end for which they entered into it; too gross an 
absurdity for any man to own.   Men therefore in society having 
property, they have such a right to the goods, which by the law 
of the community are their's, that no body hath a right to take 
their substance or any part of it from them, without their own 
consent: without this they have no property at all; for I have 
truly no property in that, which another can by right take from 
me, when he pleases, against my consent.  Hence it is a mistake 
to think, that the supreme or legislative power of any common-
wealth, can do what it will, and dispose of the estates of the 
subject arbitrarily, or take any part of them at pleasure.  This 
is not much to be feared in governments where the legislative 
consists, wholly or in part, in assemblies which are variable, 
whose members, upon the dissolution of the assembly, are subjects 
under the common laws of their country, equally with the rest.  
But in governments, where the legislative is in one lasting 
assembly always in being, or in one man, as in absolute 
monarchies, there is danger still, that they will think 
themselves to have a distinct interest from the rest of the 
community; and so will be apt to increase their own riches and 
power, by taking what they think fit from the people: for a man's 
property is not at all secure, tho' there be good and equitable 
laws to set the bounds of it between him and his fellow subjects, 
if he who commands those subjects have power to take from any 
private man, what part he pleases of his property, and use and 
dispose of it as he thinks good.
     Sec. 139.  But government, into whatsoever hands it is put, 

being, as I have before shewed, intrusted with this condition, 
and for this end, that men might have and secure their 
properties; the prince, or senate, however it may have power to 
make laws, for the regulating of property between the subjects 
one amongst another, yet can never have a power to take to 
themselves the whole, or any part of the subjects property, 
without their own consent: for this would be in effect to leave 
them no property at all.  And to let us see, that even absolute 
power, where it is necessary, is not arbitrary by being absolute, 
but is still limited by that reason, and confined to those ends, 
which required it in some cases to be absolute, we need look no 
farther than the common practice of martial discipline: for the 
preservation of the army, and in it of the whole common-wealth, 
requires an absolute obedience to the command of every superior 
officer, and it is justly death to disobey or dispute the most 
dangerous or unreasonable of them; but yet we see, that neither 
the serjeant, that could command a soldier to march up to the 
mouth of a cannon, or stand in a breach, where he is almost sure 
to perish, can command that soldier to give him one penny of his 
money; nor the general, that can condemn him to death for 
deserting his post, or for not obeying the most desperate orders, 
can yet, with all his absolute power of life and death, dispose 
of one farthing of that soldier's estate, or seize one jot of his 
goods; whom yet he can command any thing, and hang for the least 
disobedience; because such a blind obedience is necessary to that 
end, for which the commander has his power, viz.  the 
preservation of the rest; but the disposing of his goods has 
nothing to do with it.
     Sec. 140.  It is true, governments cannot be supported 
without great charge, and it is fit every one who enjoys his 
share of the protection, should pay out of his estate his 
proportion for the maintenance of it.   But still it must be with 
his own consent, i.e.  the consent of the majority, giving it 
either by themselves, or their representatives chosen by them: 
for if any one shall claim a power to lay and levy taxes on the 
people, by his own authority, and without such consent of the 
people, he thereby invades the fundamental law of property, and 
subverts the end of government: for what property have I in that, 
which another may by right take, when he pleases, to himself?
     Sec. 141.  Fourthly, The legislative cannot transfer the 
power of making laws to any other hands: for it being but a 
delegated power from the people, they who have it cannot pass it 
over to others.  The people alone can appoint the form of the 
common-wealth, which is by constituting the legislative, and 
appointing in whose hands that shall be.  And when the people 
have said, We will submit to rules, and be governed by laws made 
by such men, and in such forms, no body else can say other men 
shall make laws for them; nor can the people be bound by any 
laws, but such as are enacted by those whom they have chosen, and 
authorized to make laws for them.   The power of the legislative, 
being derived from the people by a positive voluntary grant and 
institution, can be no other than what that positive grant 
conveyed, which being only to make laws, and not to make 
legislators, the legislative can have no power to transfer their 
authority of making laws, and place it in other hands.
     Sec. 142.  These are the bounds which the trust, that is put 
in them by the society, and the law of God and nature, have set 
to the legislative power of every common-wealth, in all forms of 
government.
     First, They are to govern by promulgated established laws, 
not to be varied in particular cases, but to have one rule for 
rich and poor, for the favourite at court, and the country man at 
plough.
     Secondly, These laws also ought to be designed for no other 
end ultimately, but the good of the people.
     Thirdly, They must not raise taxes on the property of the 

people, without the consent of the people, given by themselves, 
or their deputies.  And this properly concerns only such 
governments where the legislative is always in being, or at least 
where the people have not reserved any part of the legislative to 
deputies, to be from time to time chosen by themselves.
     Fourthly, The legislative neither must nor can transfer the 
power of making laws to any body else, or place it any where, but 
where the people have.



                       CHAP.  XII.

       Of the Legislative, Executive, and Federative
               Power of the Common-wealth.

     Sec. 143.  THE legislative power is that, which has a right 
to direct how the force of the common-wealth shall be employed 
for preserving the community and the members of it.  But because 
those laws which are constantly to be executed, and whose force 
is always to continue, may be made in a little time; therefore 
there is no need, that the legislative should be always in being, 
not having always business to do.  And because it may be too 
great a temptation to human frailty, apt to grasp at power, for 
the same persons, who have the power of making laws, to have also 
in their hands the power to execute them, whereby they may exempt 
themselves from obedience to the laws they make, and suit the 
law, both in its making, and execution, to their own private 
advantage, and thereby come to have a distinct interest from the 
rest of the community, contrary to the end of society and 
government: therefore in well
ordered commonwealths, where the good of the whole is so con
sidered, as it ought, the legislative power is put into the hands 
of divers persons, who duly assembled, have by themselves, or 
jointly with others, a power to make laws, which when they have 
done, being separated again, they are themselves subject to the 
laws they have made; which is a new and near tie upon them, to 
take care, that they make them for the public good.
     Sec. 144.  But because the laws, that are at once, and in a 
short time made, have a constant and lasting force, and need a 
perpetual execution, or an attendance thereunto; therefore it is 
necessary there should be a power always in being, which should 
see to the execution of the laws that are made, and remain in 
force.  And thus the legislative and executive power come often 
to be separated.
     Sec. 145.  There is another power in every common-wealth, 
which one may call natural, because it is that which answers to 
the power every man naturally had before he entered into society: 
for though in a common-wealth the members of it are distinct 
persons still in reference to one another, and as such as 
governed by the laws of the society; yet in reference to the rest 
of mankind, they make one body, which is, as every member of it 
before was, still in the state of nature with the rest of 
mankind.  Hence it is, that the controversies that happen between 
any man of the society with those that are out of it, are managed 
by the public; and an injury done to a member of their body, 
engages the whole in the reparation of it.  So that under this 
consideration, the whole community is one body in the state of 
nature, in respect of all other states or persons out of its 
community.
     Sec. 146.  This therefore contains the power of war and 
peace, leagues and alliances, and all the transactions, with all 
persons and communities without the common-wealth, and may be 
called federative, if any one pleases.  So the thing be 
understood, I am indifferent as to the name.
     Sec. 147.  These two powers, executive and federative, 

though they be really distinct in themselves, yet one 
comprehending the execution of the municipal laws of the society 
within its self, upon all that are parts of it; the other the 
management of the security and interest of the public without, 
with all those that it may receive benefit or damage from, yet 
they are always almost united.  And though this federative power 
in the well or ill management of it be of great moment to the 
common-wealth, yet it is much less capable to be directed by 
antecedent, standing, positive laws, than the executive; and so 
must necessarily be left to the prudence and wisdom of those, 
whose hands it is in, to be managed for the public good: for the 
laws that concern subjects one amongst another, being to direct 
their actions, may well enough precede them.  But what is to be 
done in reference to foreigners, depending much upon their 
actions, and the variation of designs and interests, must be left 
in great part to the prudence of those, who have this power 
committed to them, to be managed by the best of their skill, for 
the advantage of the common-wealth.
     Sec. 148.  Though, as I said, the executive and federative 
power of every community be really distinct in themselves, yet 
they are hardly to be separated, and placed at the same time, in 
the hands of distinct persons: for both of them requiring the 
force of the society for their exercise, it is almost 
impracticable to place the force of the common-wealth in 
distinct, and not subordinate hands; or that the executive and 
federative power should be placed in persons, that might act 
separately, whereby the force of the public would be under 
different commands: which would be apt some time or other to 
cause disorder and ruin.



                    C H A P.  X I I I.

         Of the Subordination of the Powers of the
                      Common-wealth.

     Sec. 149.  THOUGH in a constituted common-wealth, standing 
upon its own basis, and acting according to its own nature, that 
is, acting for the preservation of the community, there can be 
but one supreme power, which is the legislative, to which all the 
rest are and must be subordinate, yet the legislative being only 
a fiduciary power to act for certain ends, there remains still in 
the people a supreme power to remove or alter the legislative, 
when they find the legislative act contrary to the trust reposed 
in them: for all power given with trust for the attaining an end, 
being limited by that end, whenever that end is manifestly 
neglected, or opposed, the trust must necessarily be forfeited, 
and the power devolve into the hands of those that gave it, who 
may place it anew where they shall think best for their safety 
and security.  And thus the community perpetually retains a 
supreme power of saving themselves from the attempts and designs 
of any body, even of their legislators, whenever they shall be so 
foolish, or so wicked, as to lay and carry on designs against the 
liberties and properties of the subject: for no man or society of 
men, having a power to deliver up their preservation, or 
consequently the means of it, to the absolute will and arbitrary 
dominion of another; when ever any one shall go about to bring 
them into such a slavish condition, they will always have a right 
to preserve, what they have not a power to part with; and to rid 
themselves of those, who invade this fundamental, sacred, and 
unalterable law of self-preservation, for which they entered into 
society.  And thus the community may be said in this respect to 
be always the supreme power, but not as considered under any form 
of government, because this power of the people can never take 
place till the government be dissolved.

     Sec. 150.  In all cases, whilst the government subsists, the 
legislative is the supreme power: for what can give laws to 
another, must needs be superior to him; and since the legislative 
is no otherwise legislative of the society, but by the right it 
has to make laws for all the parts, and for every member of the 
society, prescribing rules to their actions, and giving power of 
execution, where they are transgressed, the legislative must 
needs be the supreme, and all other powers, in any members or 
parts of the society, derived from and subordinate to it.
     Sec. 151.  In some commonwealths, where the legislative is 
not always in being, and the executive is vested in a single 
person, who has also a share in the legislative; there that 
single person in a very tolerable sense may also be called 
supreme: not that he has in himself all the supreme power, which 
is that of law-making; but because he has in him the supreme 
execution, from whom all inferior magistrates derive all their 
several subordinate powers, or at least the greatest part of 
them: having also no legislative superior to him, there being no 
law to be made without his consent, which cannot be expected 
should ever subject him to the other part of the legislative, he 
is properly enough in this sense supreme.  But yet it is to be 
observed, that tho' oaths of allegiance and fealty are taken to 
him, it is not to him as supreme legislator, but as supreme 
executor of the law, made by a joint power of him with others; 
allegiance being nothing but an obedience according to law, which 
when he violates, he has no right to obedience, nor can claim it 
otherwise than as the public person vested with the power of the 
law, and so is to be considered as the image, phantom, or 
representative of the common-wealth, acted by the will of the 
society, declared in its laws; and thus he has no will, no power, 
but that of the law.  But when he quits this representation, this 
public will, and acts by his own private will, he degrades 
himself, and is but a single private person without power, and 
without will, that has any right to obedience; the members owing 
no obedience but to the public will of the society.
     Sec. 152.  The executive power, placed any where but in a 
person that has also a share in the legislative, is visibly 
subordinate and accountable to it, and may be at pleasure changed 
and displaced; so that it is not the supreme executive power, 
that is exempt from subordination, but the supreme executive 
power vested in one, who having a share in the legislative, has 
no distinct superior legislative to be subordinate and 
accountable to, farther than he himself shall join and consent; 
so that he is no more subordinate than he himself shall think 
fit, which one may certainly conclude will be but very little.  
Of other ministerial and subordinate powers in a commonwealth, we 
need not speak, they being so multiplied with infinite variety, 
in the different customs and constitutions of distinct 
commonwealths, that it is impossible to give a particular account 
of them all.  Only thus much, which is necessary to our present 
purpose, we may take notice of concerning them, that they have no 
manner of authority, any of them, beyond what is by positive 
grant and commission delegated to them, and are all of them 
accountable to some other power in the common-wealth.
     Sec. 153.  It is not necessary, no, nor so much as 
convenient, that the legislative should be always in being; but 
absolutely necessary that the executive power should, because 
there is not always need of new laws to be made, but always need 
of execution of the laws that are made.  When the legislative 
hath put the execution of the laws, they make, into other hands, 
they have a power still to resume it out of those hands, when 
they find cause, and to punish for any maladministration against 
the laws.  The same holds also in regard of the federative power, 
that and the executive being both ministerial and subordinate to 
the legislative, which, as has been shewed, in a constituted 
common-wealth is the supreme.  The legislative also in this case 

being supposed to consist of several persons, (for if it be a 
single person, it cannot but be always in being, and so will, as 
supreme, naturally have the supreme executive power, together 
with the legislative) may assemble, and exercise their 
legislature, at the times that either their original 
constitution, or their own adjournment, appoints, or when they 
please; if neither of these hath appointed any time, or there be 
no other way prescribed to convoke them: for the supreme power 
being placed in them by the people, it is always in them, and 
they may exercise it when they please, unless by their original 
constitution they are limited to certain seasons, or by an act of 
their supreme power they have adjourned to a certain time; and 
when that time comes, they have a right to assemble and act 
again.
     Sec. 154.  If the legislative, or any part of it, be made up 
of representatives chosen for that time by the people, which 
afterwards return into the ordinary state of subjects, and have 
no share in the legislature but upon a new choice, this power of 
chusing must also be exercised by the people, either at certain 
appointed seasons, or else when they are summoned to it; and in 
this latter case ' the power of convoking the legislative is 
ordinarily placed in the executive, and has one of these two 
limitations in respect of time: that either the original 
constitution requires their assembling and acting at certain 
intervals, and then the executive power does nothing but 
ministerially issue directions for their electing and assembling, 
according to due forms; or else it is left to his prudence to 
call them by new elections, when the occasions or exigencies of 
the public require the amendment of old, or making of new laws, 
or the redress or prevention of any inconveniencies, that lie on, 
or threaten the people.
     Sec. 155.  It may be demanded here, What if the executive 
power, being possessed of the force of the common-wealth, shall 
make use of that force to hinder the meeting and acting of the 
legislative, when the original constitution, or the public 
exigencies require it?  I say, using force upon the people 
without authority, and contrary to the trust put in him that does 
so, is a state of war with the people, who have a right to 
reinstate their legislative in the exercise of their power: for 
having erected a legislative, with an intent they should exercise 
the power of making laws, either at certain set times, or when 
there is need of it, when they are hindered by any force from 
what is so necessary to the society, and wherein the safety and 
preservation of the people consists, the people have a right to 
remove it by force.  In all states and conditions, the true 
remedy of force without authority, is to oppose force to it.  The 
use of force without authority, always puts him that uses it into 
a state of war, as the aggressor, and renders him liable to be 
treated accordingly.
     Sec. 156.  The power of assembling and dismissing the 
legislative, placed in the executive, gives not the executive a 
superiority over it, but is a fiduciary trust placed in him, for 
the safety of the people, in a case where the uncertainty and 
variableness of human affairs could not bear a steady fixed rule: 
for it not being possible, that the first framers of the 
government should, by any foresight, be so much masters of future 
events, as to be able to prefix so just periods of return and 
duration to the assemblies of the legislative, in all times to 
come, that might exactly answer all the exigencies of the common-
wealth; the best remedy could be found for this defect, was to 
trust this to the prudence of one who was always to be present, 
and whose business it was to watch over the public good.   
Constant frequent meetings of the legislative, and long 
continuations of their assemblies, without necessary occasion, 
could not but be burdensome to the people, and must necessarily 
in time produce more dangerous inconveniencies, and yet the quick 

turn of affairs might be sometimes such as to need their present 
help: any delay of their convening might endanger the public; and 
sometimes too their business might be so great, that the limited 
time of their sitting might be too short for their work, and rob 
the public of that benefit which could be had only from their 
mature deliberation.  What then could be done in this case to 
prevent the community from being exposed some time or other to 
eminent hazard, on one side or the other, by fixed intervals and 
periods, set to the meeting and acting of the legislative, but to 
intrust it to the prudence of some, who being present, and 
acquainted with the state of public affairs, might make use of 
this prerogative for the public good? and where else could this 
be so well placed as in his hands, who was intrusted with the 
execution of the laws for the same end?  Thus supposing the 
regulation of times for the assembling and sitting of the 
legislative, not settled by the original constitution, it 
naturally fell into the hands of the executive, not as an 
arbitrary power depending on his good pleasure, but with this 
trust always to have it exercised only for the public weal, as 
the occurrences of times and change of affairs might require.  
Whether settled periods of their convening, or a liberty left to 
the prince for convoking the legislative, or perhaps a mixture of 
both, hath the least inconvenience attending it, it is not my 
business here to inquire, but only to shew, that though the 
executive power may have the prerogative of convoking and 
dissolving such conventions of the legislative, yet it is not 
thereby superior to it.
     Sec. 157.  Things of this world are in so constant a flux, 
that nothing remains long in the same state.  Thus people, 
riches, trade, power, change their stations, flourishing mighty 
cities come to ruin, and prove in times neglected desolate 
corners, whilst other unfrequented places grow into populous 
countries, filled with wealth and inhabitants.  But things not 
always changing equally, and private interest often keeping up 
customs and privileges, when the reasons of them are ceased, it 
often comes to pass, that in governments, where part of the 
legislative consists of representatives chosen by the people, 
that in tract of time this representation becomes very unequal 
and disproportionate to the reasons it was at first established 
upon.   To what gross absurdities the following of custom, when 
reason has left it, may lead, we may be satisfied, when we see 
the bare name of a town, of which there remains not so much as 
the ruins, where scarce so much housing as a sheepcote, or more 
inhabitants than a shepherd is to be found, sends as many 
representatives to the grand assembly of law-makers, as a whole 
county numerous in people, and powerful in riches.  This 
strangers stand amazed at, and every one must confess needs a 
remedy; tho' most think it hard to find one, because the 
constitution of the legislative being the original and supreme 
act of the society, antecedent to all positive laws in it, and 
depending wholly on the people, no inferior power can alter it.   
And therefore the people, when the legislative is once 
constituted, having, in such a government as we have been 
speaking of, no power to act as long as the government stands; 
this inconvenience is thought incapable of a remedy.
     Sec. 158.  Salus populi suprema lex, is certainly so just 
and fundamental a rule, that he, who sincerely follows it, cannot 
dangerously err.  If therefore the executive, who has the power 
of convoking the legislative, observing rather the true 
proportion, than fashion of representation, regulates, not by old 
custom, but true reason, the number of members, in all places 
that have a right to be distinctly represented, which no part of 
the people however incorporated can pretend to, but in proportion 
to the assistance which it affords to the public, it cannot be 
judged to have set up a new legislative, but to have restored the 
old and true one, and to have rectified the disorders which 

succession of time had insensibly, as well as inevitably 
introduced: For it being the interest as well as intention of the 
people, to have a fair and equal representative; whoever brings 
it nearest to that, is an undoubted friend to, and establisher of 
the government, and cannot miss the consent and approbation of 
the community; prerogative being nothing but a power, in the 
hands of the prince, to provide for the public good, in such 
cases, which depending upon unforeseen and uncertain occurrences, 
certain and unalterable laws could not safely direct; whatsoever 
shall be done manifestly for the good of the people, and the 
establishing the government upon its true foundations, is, and 
always will be, just prerogative, The power of erecting new 
corporations, and therewith new representatives, carries with it 
a supposition, that in time the measures of representation might 
vary, and those places have a just right to be represented which 
before had none; and by the same reason, those cease to have a 
right, and be too inconsiderable for such a privilege, which 
before had it.  'Tis not a change from the present state, which 
perhaps corruption or decay has introduced, that makes an inroad 
upon the government, but the tendency of it to injure or oppress 
the people, and to set up one part or party, with a distinction 
from, and an unequal subjection of the rest.  Whatsoever cannot 
but be acknowledged to be of advantage to the society, and people 
in general, upon just and lasting measures, will always, when 
done, justify itself; and whenever the people shall chuse their 
representatives upon just and undeniably equal measures, suitable 
to the original frame of the government, it cannot be doubted to 
be the will and act of the society, whoever permitted or caused 
them so to do.



                        CHAP.  XIV.

                      Of PREROGATIVE.

    Sec. 159.  WHERE the legislative and executive power are in 
distinct hands, (as they are in all moderated monarchies, and 
well-framed governments) there the good of the society requires, 
that several things should be left to the discretion of him that 
has the executive power: for the legislators not being able to 
foresee, and provide by laws, for all that may be useful to the 
community, the executor of the laws having the power in his 
hands, has by the common law of nature a right to make use of it 
for the good of the society, in many cases, where the municipal 
law has given no direction, till the legislative can conveniently 
be assembled to provide for it.  Many things there are, which the 
law can by no means provide for; and those must necessarily be 
left to the discretion of him that has the executive power in his 
hands, to be ordered by him as the public good and advantage 
shall require: nay, it is fit that the laws themselves should in 
some cases give way to the executive power, or rather to this 
fundamental law of nature and government, viz.   That as much as 
may be, all the members of the society are to be preserved: for 
since many accidents may happen, wherein a strict and rigid 
observation of the laws may do harm; (as not to pull down an 
innocent man's house to stop the fire, when the next to it is 
burning) and a man may come sometimes within the reach of the 
law, which makes no distinction of persons, by an action that may 
deserve reward and pardon; 'tis fit the ruler should have a 
power, in many cases, to mitigate the severity of the law, and 
pardon some offenders: for the end of government being the 
preservation of all, as much as may be, even the guilty are to be 
spared, where it can prove no prejudice to the innocent.
     Sec. 160.  This power to act according to discretion, for 
the public good, without the prescription of the law, and 

sometimes even against it, is that which is called prerogative: 
for since in some governments the lawmaking power is not always 
in being, and is usually too numerous, and so too slow, for the 
dispatch requisite to execution; and because also it is 
impossible to foresee, and so by laws to provide for, all 
accidents and necessities that may concern the public, or to make 
such laws as will do no harm, if they are executed with an 
inflexible rigour, on all occasions, and upon all persons that 
may come in their way; therefore there is a latitude left to the 
executive power, to do many things of choice which the laws do 
not prescribe.   
     Sec. 161.  This power, whilst employed for the benefit of 
the community, and suitably to the trust and ends of the 
government, is undoubted prerogative, and never is questioned: 
for the people are very seldom or never scrupulous or nice in the 
point; they are far from examining prerogative, whilst it is in 
any tolerable degree employed for the use it was meant, that is, 
for the good of the people, and not manifestly against it: but if 
there comes to be a question between the executive power and the 
people, about a thing claimed as a prerogative; the tendency of 
the exercise of such prerogative to the good or hurt of the 
people, will easily decide that question.   
     Sec. 162.  It is easy to conceive, that in the infancy of 
governments, when commonwealths differed little from families in 
number of people, they differed from them too but little in 
number of laws: and the governors, being as the fathers of them, 
watching over them for their good, the government was almost all 
prerogative.  A few established laws served the turn, and the 
discretion and care of the ruler supplied the rest.  But when 
mistake or flattery prevailed with weak princes to make use of 
this power for private ends of their own, and not for the public 
good, the people were fain by express laws to get prerogative 
determined in those points wherein they found disadvantage from 
it: and thus declared limitations of prerogative were by the 
people found necessary in cases which they and their ancestors 
had left, in the utmost latitude, to the wisdom of those princes 
who made no other but a right use of it, that is, for the good of 
their people.
     Sec. 163.  And therefore they have a very wrong notion of 
government, who say, that the people have encroached upon the 
prerogative, when they have got any part of it to be defined by 
positive laws: for in so doing they have not pulled from the 
prince any thing that of right belonged to him, but only 
declared, that that power which they indefinitely left in his or 
his ancestors hands, to be exercised for their good, was not a 
thing which they intended him when he used it otherwise: for the 
end of government being the good of the community, whatsoever 
alterations are made in it, tending to that end, cannot be an 
encroachment upon any body, since no body in government can have 
a right tending to any other end: and those only are 
encroachments which prejudice or hinder the public good.  Those 
who say otherwise, speak as if the prince had a distinct and 
separate interest from the good of the community, and was not 
made for it; the root and source from which spring almost all 
those evils and disorders which happen in kingly governments.  
And indeed, if that be so, the people under his government are 
not a society of rational creatures, entered into a community for 
their mutual good; they are not such as have set rulers over 
themselves, to guard, and promote that good; but are to be looked 
on as an herd of inferior creatures under the dominion of a 
master, who keeps them and works them for his own pleasure or 
profit.  If men were so void of reason, and brutish, as to enter 
into society upon such terms, prerogative might indeed be, what 
some men would have it, an arbitrary power to do things hurtful 
to the people.
     Sec. 164.  But since a rational creature cannot be supposed, 

when free, to put himself into subjection to another, for his own 
harm; (though, where he finds a good and wise ruler, he may not 
perhaps think it either necessary or useful to set precise bounds 
to his power in all things) prerogative can be nothing but the 
people's permitting their rulers to do several things, of their 
own free choice, where the law was silent, and sometimes too 
against the direct letter of the law, for the public good; and 
their acquiescing in it when so done: for as a good prince, who 
is mindful of the trust put into his hands, and careful of the 
good of his people, cannot have too much prerogative, that is, 
power to do good; so a weak and ill prince, who would claim that 
power which his predecessors exercised without the direction of 
the law, as a prerogative belonging to him by right of his 
office, which he may exercise at his pleasure, to make or promote 
an interest distinct from that of the public, gives the people an 
occasion to claim their right, and limit that power, which, 
whilst it was exercised for their good, they were content should 
be tacitly allowed.        Sec. 165.  And therefore he that will 
look into the history of England, will find, that prerogative was 
always largest in the hands of our wisest and best princes; 
because the people, observing the whole tendency of their actions 
to be the public good, contested not what was done without law to 
that end: or, if any human frailty or mistake (for princes are 
but men, made as others) appeared in some small declinations from 
that end; yet 'twas visible, the main of their conduct tended to 
nothing but the care of the public.  The people therefore, 
finding reason to be satisfied with these princes, whenever they 
acted without, or contrary to the letter of the law, acquiesced 
in what they did, and, without the least complaint, let them 
inlarge their prerogative as they pleased, judging rightly, that 
they did nothing herein to the prejudice of their laws, since 
they acted conformable to the foundation and end of all laws, the 
public good.
     Sec. 166.  Such god-like princes indeed had some title to 
arbitrary power by that argument, that would prove absolute 
monarchy the best government, as that which God himself governs 
the universe by; because such kings partake of his wisdom and 
goodness.  Upon this is founded that saying, That the reigns of 
good princes have been always most dangerous to the liberties of 
their people: for when their successors, managing the government 
with different thoughts, would draw the actions of those good 
rulers into precedent, and make them the standard of their 
prerogative, as if what had been done only for the good of the 
people was a right in them to do, for the harm of the people, if 
they so pleased; it has often occasioned contest, and sometimes 
public disorders, before the people could recover their original 
right, and get that to be declared not to be prerogative, which 
truly was never so; since it is impossible that any body in the 
society should ever have a right to do the people harm; though it 
be very possible, and reasonable, that the people should not go 
about to set any bounds to the prerogative of those kings, or 
rulers, who themselves transgressed not the bounds of the public 
good: for prerogative is nothing but the power of doing public 
good without a rule.   
     Sec. 167.  The power of calling parliaments in England, as 
to precise time, place, and duration, is certainly a prerogative 
of the king, but still with this trust, that it shall be made use 
of for the good of the nation, as the exigencies of the times, 
and variety of occasions, shall require: for it being impossible 
to foresee which should always be the fittest place for them to 
assemble in, and what the best season; the choice of these was 
left with the executive power, as might be most subservient to 
the public good, and best suit the ends of parliaments.
     Sec. 168.  The old question will be asked in this matter of 
prerogative, But who shall be judge when this power is made a 
right use of ?  1 answer: between an executive power in being, 

with such a prerogative, and a legislative that depends upon his 
will for their convening, there can be no judge on earth; as 
there can be none between the legislative and the people, should 
either the executive, or the legislative, when they have got the 
power in their hands, design, or go about to enslave or destroy 
them.  The people have no other remedy in this, as in all other 
cases where they have no judge on earth, but to appeal to heaven: 
for the rulers, in such attempts, exercising a power the people 
never put into their hands, (who can never be supposed to consent 
that any body should rule over them for their harm) do that which 
they have not a right to do.  And where the body of the people, 
or any single man, is deprived of their right, or is under the 
exercise of a power without right, and have no appeal on earth, 
then they have a liberty to appeal to heaven, whenever they judge 
the cause of sufficient moment.  And therefore, though the people 
cannot be judge, so as to have, by the constitution of that 
society, any superior power, to determine and give effective 
sentence in the case; yet they have, by a law antecedent and 
paramount to all positive laws of men, reserved that ultimate 
determination to themselves which belongs to all mankind, where 
there lies no appeal on earth, viz.  to judge, whether they have 
just cause to make their appeal to heaven.  And this judgment 
they cannot part with, it being out of a man's power so to submit 
himself to another, as to give him a liberty to destroy him; God 
and nature never allowing a man so to abandon himself, as to 
neglect his own preservation: and since he cannot take away his 
own life, neither can he give another power to take it.  Nor let 
any one think, this lays a perpetual foundation for disorder; for 
this operates not, till the inconveniency is so great, that the 
majority feel it, and are weary of it, and find a necessity to 
have it amended.  But this the executive power, or wise princes, 
never need come in the danger of: and it is the thing, of all 
others, they have most need to avoid, as of all others the most 
perilous.




                         CHAP.  XV.

        Of Paternal, Political, and Despotical Power,
                    considered together.

     Sec. 169.  THOUGH I have had occasion to speak of these 
separately before, yet the great mistakes of late about 
government, having, as I suppose, arisen from confounding these 
distinct powers one with another, it may not, perhaps, be amiss 
to consider them here together.
     Sec. 170.  First, then, Paternal or parental power is 
nothing but that which parents have over their children, to 
govern them for the children's good, till they come to the use of 
reason, or a state of knowledge, wherein they may be supposed 
capable to understand that rule, whether it be the law of nature, 
or the municipal law of their country, they are to govern 
themselves by: capable, I say, to know it, as well as several 
others, who live as freemen under that law.  The affection and 
tenderness which God hath planted in the breast of parents 
towards their children, makes it evident, that this is not 
intended to be a severe arbitrary government, but only for the 
help, instruction, and preservation of their offspring.  But 
happen it as it will, there is, as I have proved, no reason why 
it should be thought to extend to life and death, at any time, 
over their children, more than over any body else; neither can 
there be any pretence why this parental power should keep the 
child, when grown to a man, in subjection to the will of his 
parents, any farther than having received life and education from 

his parents, obliges him to respect, honour, gratitude, 
assistance and support, all his life, to both father and mother.  
And thus, 'tis true, the paternal is a natural government, but 
not at all extending itself to the ends and jurisdictions of that 
which is political.  The power of the father doth not reach at 
all to the property of the child, which is only in his own 
disposing.
     Sec. 171.  Secondly, Political power is that power, which 
every man having in the state of nature, has given up into the 
hands of the society, and therein to the governors, whom the 
society hath set over itself, with this express or tacit trust, 
that it shall be employed for their good, and the preservation of 
their property: now this power, which every man has in the state 
of nature, and which he parts with to the society in all such 
cases where the society can secure him, is to use such means, for 
the preserving of his own property, as he thinks good, and nature 
allows him; and to punish the breach of the law of nature in 
others, so as (according to the best of his reason) may most 
conduce to the preservation of himself, and the rest of mankind.  
So that the end and measure of this power, when in every man's 
hands in the state of nature, being the preservation of all of 
his society, that is, all mankind in general, it can have no 
other end or measure, when in the hands of the magistrate, but to 
preserve the members of that society in their lives, liberties, 
and possessions; and so cannot be an absolute, arbitrary power 
over their lives and fortunes, which are as much as possible to 
be preserved; but a power to make laws, and annex such penalties 
to them, as may tend to the preservation of the whole, by cutting 
off those parts, and those only, which are so corrupt, that they 
threaten the sound and healthy, without which no severity is 
lawful.  And this power has its original only from compact and 
agreement, and the mutual consent of those who make up the 
community.
     Sec. 172.  Thirdly, Despotical power is an absolute, 
arbitrary power one man has over another, to take away his life, 
whenever he pleases.  This is a power, which neither nature 
gives, for it has made no such distinction between one man and 
another; nor compact can convey: for man not having such an 
arbitrary power over his own life, cannot give another man such a 
power over it; but it is the effect only of forfeiture, which the 
aggressor makes of his own life, when he puts himself into the 
state of war with another: for having quitted reason, which God 
hath given to be the rule betwixt man and man, and the common 
bond whereby human kind is united into one fellowship and 
society; and having renounced the way of peace which that 
teaches, and made use of the force of war, to compass his unjust 
ends upon another, where he has no right; and so revolting from 
his own kind to that of beasts, by making force, which is 
their's, to be his rule of right, he renders himself liable to be 
destroyed by the injured person, and the rest of mankind, that 
will join with him in the execution of justice, as any other wild 
beast, or noxious brute, with whom mankind can have neither 
society nor security*.  And thus captives, taken in a just and 
lawful war, and such only, are subject to a despotical power, 
which, as it arises not from compact, so neither is it capable of 
any, but is the state of war continued: for what compact can be 
made with a man that is not master of his own life? what 
condition can he perform? and if he be once allowed to be master 
of his own life, the despotical, arbitrary power of his master 
ceases.  He that is master of himself, and his own life, has a 
right too to the means of preserving it; so that as soon as 
compact enters, slavery ceases, and he so far quits his absolute 
power, and puts an end to the state of war, who enters into 
conditions with his captive.
     (*Another copy corrected by Mr.  Locke, has it thus, Noxious 
brute that is destructive to their being.)

     Sec. 173.  Nature gives the first of these, viz.  paternal 
power to parents for the benefit of their children during their 
minority, to supply their want of ability, and understanding how 
to manage their property.  (By property I must be understood 
here, as in other places, to mean that property which men have in 
their persons as well as goods.) Voluntary agreement gives the 
second, viz.  political power to governors for the benefit of 
their subjects, to secure them in the possession and use of their 
properties.  And forfeiture gives the third despotical power to 
lords for their own benefit, over those who are stripped of all 
property.
     Sec. 174.  He, that shall consider the distinct rise and 
extent, and the different ends of these several powers, will 
plainly see, that paternal power comes as far short of that of 
the magistrate, as despotical exceeds it; and that absolute 
dominion, however placed, is so far from being one kind of civil 
society, that it is as inconsistent with it, as slavery is with 
property.  Paternal power is only where minority makes the child 
incapable to manage his property; political, where men have 
property in their own disposal; and despotical, over such as have 
no property at all.



                         CHAP.  XVI.

                         Of CONQUEST.

     Sec. 175.  THOUGH governments can originally have no other 
rise than that before mentioned, nor polities be founded on any 
thing but the consent of the people; yet such have been the 
disorders ambition has filled the world with, that in the noise 
of war, which makes so great a part of the history of mankind, 
this consent is little taken notice of: and therefore many have 
mistaken the force of arms for the consent of the people, and 
reckon conquest as one of the originals of government.  But 
conquest is as far from setting up any government, as demolishing 
an house is from building a new one in the place.  Indeed, it 
often makes way for a new frame of a common-wealth, by destroying 
the former; but, without the consent of the people, can never 
erect a new one. 
       Sec. 176.  That the aggressor, who puts himself into the 
state of war with another, and unjustly invades another man's 
right, can, by such an unjust war, never come to have a right 
over the conquered, will be easily agreed by all men, who will 
not think, that robbers and pyrates have a right of empire over 
whomsoever they have force enough to master; or that men are 
bound by promises, which unlawful force extorts from them.  
Should a robber break into my house, and with a dagger at my 
throat make me seal deeds to convey my estate to him, would this 
give him any title?  Just such a title, by his sword, has an 
unjust conqueror, who forces me into submission.  The injury and 
the crime is equal, whether committed by the wearer of a crown, 
or some petty villain.  The title of the offender, and the number 
of his followers, make no difference in the offence, unless it be 
to aggravate it.  The only difference is, great robbers punish 
little ones, to keep them in their obedience; but the great ones 
are rewarded with laurels and triumphs, because they are too big 
for the weak hands of justice in this world, and have the power 
in their own possession, which should punish offenders.  What is 
my remedy against a robber, that so broke into my house?  Appeal 
to the law for justice.  But perhaps justice is denied, or I am 
crippled and cannot stir, robbed and have not the means to do it.  
If God has taken away all means of seeking remedy, there is 
nothing left but patience.  But my son, when able, may seek the 
relief of the law, which I am denied: he or his son may renew his 

appeal, till he recover his right.  But the conquered, or their 
children, have no court, no arbitrator on earth to appeal to.  
Then they may appeal, as lephtha did, to heaven, and repeat their 
appeal till they have recovered the native right of their 
ancestors, which was, to have such a legislative over them, as 
the majority should approve, and freely acquiesce in.  If it be 
objected, This would cause endless trouble; I answer, no more 
than justice does, where she lies open to all that appeal to her.  
He that troubles his neighbour without a cause, is punished for 
it by the justice of the court he appeals to: and he that appeals 
to heaven must be sure he has right on his side; and a right too 
that is worth the trouble and cost of the appeal, as he will 
answer at a tribunal that cannot be deceived, and will be sure to 
retribute to every one according to the mischiefs he hath created 
to his fellow subjects; that is, any part of mankind: from whence 
it is plain, that he that conquers in an unjust war can thereby 
have no title to the subjection and obedience of the conquered.
     Sec. 177.  But supposing victory favours the right side, let 
us consider a conqueror in a lawful war, and see what power he 
gets, and over whom.
     First, It is plain he gets no power by his conquest over 
those that conquered with him.  They that fought on his side 
cannot suffer by the conquest, but must at least be as much 
freemen as they were before.  And most commonly they serve upon 
terms, and on condition to share with their leader, and enjoy a 
part of the spoil, and other advantages that attend the 
conquering sword; or at least have a part of the subdued country 
bestowed upon them.  And the conquering people are not, I hope, 
to be slaves by conquest, and wear their laurels only to shew 
they are sacrifices to their leaders triumph.  They that found 
absolute monarchy upon the title of the sword, make their heroes, 
who are the founders of such monarchies, arrant Draw-can-sirs, 
and forget they had any officers and soldiers that fought on 
their side in the battles they won, or assisted them in the 
subduing, or shared in possessing, the countries they mastered.  
We are told by some, that the English monarchy is founded in the 
Norman conquest, and that our princes have thereby a title to 
absolute dominion: which if it were true, (as by the history it 
appears otherwise) and that William had a right to make war on 
this island; yet his dominion by conquest could reach no farther 
than to the Saxons and Britons, that were then inhabitants of 
this country.  The Normans that came with him, and helped to 
conquer, and all descended from them, are freemen, and no 
subjects by conquest; let that give what dominion it will.  And 
if 1, or any body else, shall claim freedom, as derived from 
them, it will be very hard to prove the contrary: and it is 
plain, the law, that has made no distinction between the one and 
the other, intends not there should be any difference in their 
freedom or privileges.
     Sec. 178.  But supposing, which seldom happens, that the 
conquerors and conquered never incorporate into one people, under 
the same laws and freedom; let us see next what power a lawful 
conqueror has over the subdued: and that I say is purely 
despotical.  He has an absolute power over the lives of those who 
by an unjust war have forfeited them; but not over the lives or 
fortunes of those who engaged not in the war, nor over the 
possessions even of those who were actually engaged in it.
     Sec. 179.  Secondly, I say then the conqueror gets no power 
but only over those who have actually assisted, concurred, or 
consented to that unjust force that is used against him: for the 
people having given to their governors no power to do an unjust 
thing, such as is to make an unjust war, (for they never had such 
a power in themselves) they ought not to be charged as guilty of 
the violence and unjustice that is committed in an unjust war, 
any farther than they actually abet it; no more than they are to 
be thought guilty of any violence or oppression their governors 

should use upon the people themselves, or any part of their 
fellow subjects, they having empowered them no more to the one 
than to the other.  Conquerors, it is true, seldom trouble 
themselves to make the distinction, but they willingly permit the 
confusion of war to sweep all together: but yet this alters not 
the right; for the conquerors power over the lives of the 
conquered, being only because they have used force to do, or 
maintain an injustice, he can have that power only over those who 
have concurred in that force; all the rest are innocent; and he 
has no more title over the people of that country, who have done 
him no injury, and so have made no forfeiture of their lives, 
than he has over any other, who, without any injuries or 
provocations, have lived upon fair terms with him.
     Sec. 180.  Thirdly, The power a conqueror gets over those he 
overcomes in a just war, is perfectly despotical: he has an 
absolute power over the lives of those, who, by putting 
themselves in a state of war, have forfeited them; but he has not 
thereby a right and title to their possessions.  This I doubt 
not, but at first sight will seem a strange doctrine, it being so 
quite contrary to the practice of the world; there being nothing 
more familiar in speaking of the dominion of countries, than to 
say such an one conquered it; as if conquest, without any more 
ado, conveyed a right of possession.  But when we consider, that 
the practice of the strong and powerful, how universal soever it 
may be, is seldom the rule of right, however it be one part of 
the subjection of the conquered, not to argue against the 
conditions cut out to them by the conquering sword.
     Sec. 181.  Though in all war there be usually a complication 
of force and damage, and the aggressor seldom fails to harm the 
estate, when he uses force against the persons of those he makes 
war upon; yet it is the use of force only that puts a man into 
the state of war: for whether by force he begins the injury, or 
else having quietly, and by fraud, done the injury, he refuses to 
make reparation, and by force maintains it, (which is the same 
thing, as at first to have done it by force) it is the unjust use 
of force that makes the war: for he that breaks open my house, 
and violently turns me out of doors; or having peaceably got in, 
by force keeps me out, does in effect the same thing; supposing 
we are in such a state, that we have no common judge on earth, 
whom I may appeal to, and to whom we are both obliged to submit: 
for of such I am now speaking.  It is the unjust use of force 
then, that puts a man into the state of war with another; and 
thereby he that is guilty of it makes a forfeiture of his life: 
for quitting reason, which is the rule given between man and man, 
and using force, the way of beasts, he becomes liable to be 
destroyed by him he uses force against, as any savage ravenous 
beast, that is dangerous to his being.
     Sec. 182.  But because the miscarriages of the father are no 
faults of the children, and they may be rational and peaceable, 
notwithstanding the brutishness and injustice of the father; the 
father, by his miscarriages and violence, can forfeit but his own 
life, but involves not his children in his guilt or destruction.  
His goods, which nature, that willeth the preservation of all 
mankind as much as is possible, hath made to belong to the 
children to keep them from perishing, do still continue to belong 
to his children: for supposing them not to have joined in the 
war, either thro'infancy, absence, or choice, they have done 
nothing to forfeit them: nor has the conqueror any right to take 
them away, by the bare title of having subdued him that by force 
attempted his destruction; though perhaps he may have some right 
to them, to repair the damages he has sustained by the war, and 
the defence of his own right; which how far it reaches to the 
possessions of the conquered, we shall see by and by.  So that he 
that by conquest has a right over a man's person to destroy him 
if he pleases, has not thereby a right over his estate to possess 
and enjoy it: for it is the brutal force the aggressor has used, 

that gives his adversary a right to take away his life, and 
destroy him if he pleases, as a noxious creature; but it is 
damage sustained that alone gives him title to another man's 
goods: for though I may kill a thief that sets on me in the 
highway, yet I may not (which seems less) take away his money, 
and let him go: this would be robbery on my side.  His force, and 
the state of war he put himself in, made him forfeit his life, 
but gave me no title to his goods.  The right then of conquest 
extends only to the lives of those who joined in the war, not to 
their estates, but only in order to make reparation for the 
damages received, and the charges of the war, and that too with 
reservation of the right of the innocent wife and children.
     Sec. 183.  Let the conqueror have as much justice on his 
side, as could be supposed, he has no right to seize more than 
the vanquished could forfeit: his life is at the victor's mercy; 
and his service and goods he may appropriate, to make himself 
reparation; but he cannot take the goods of his wife and 
children; they too had a title to the goods he enjoyed, and their 
shares in the estate he possessed: for example, I in the state of 
nature (and all commonwealths are in the state of nature one with 
another) have injured another man, and refusing to give 
satisfaction, it comes to a state of war, wherein my defending by 
force what I had gotten unjustly, makes me the aggressor.  I am 
conquered: my life, it is true, as forfeit, is at mercy, but not 
my wife's and children's.  They made not the war, nor assisted in 
it.  I could not forfeit their lives; they were not mine to 
forfeit.  My wife had a share in my estate; that neither could I 
forfeit.  And my children also, being born of me, had a right to 
be maintained out of my labour or substance.  Here then is the 
case: the conqueror has a title to reparation for damages 
received, and the children have a title to their father's estate 
for their subsistence: for as to the wife's share, whether her 
own labour, or compact, gave her a title to it, it is plain, her 
husband could not forfeit what was her's.  What must be done in 
the case?  I answer; the fundamental law of nature being, that 
all, as much as may be, should be preserved, it follows, that if 
there be not enough fully to satisfy both, viz, for the 
conqueror's losses, and children's maintenance, he that hath, and 
to spare, must remit something of his full satisfaction, and give 
way to the pressing and preferable title of those who are in 
danger to perish without it.
     Sec. 184.  But supposing the charge and damages of the war 
are to be made up to the conqueror, to the utmost farthing; and 
that the children of the vanquished, spoiled of all their 
father's goods, are to be left to starve and perish; yet the 
satisfying of what shall, on this score, be due to the conqueror, 
will scarce give him a title to any country he shall conquer: for 
the damages of war can scarce amount to the value of any 
considerable tract of land, in any part of the world, where all 
the land is possessed, and none lies waste.  And if I have not 
taken away the conqueror's land, which, being vanquished, it is 
impossible I should; scarce any other spoil I have done him can 
amount to the value of mine, supposing it equally cultivated, and 
of an extent any way coming near what I had overrun of his.  The 
destruction of a year's product or two (for it seldom reaches 
four or five) is the utmost spoil that usually can be done: for 
as to money, and such riches and treasure taken away, these are 
none of nature's goods, they have but a fantastical imaginary 
value: nature has put no such upon them: they are of no more 
account by her standard, than the wampompeke of the Americans to 
an European prince, or the silver money of Europe would have been 
formerly to an American.  And five years product is not worth the 
perpetual inheritance of land, where all is possessed, and none 
remains waste, to be taken up by him that is disseized: which 
will be easily granted, if one do but take away the imaginary 
value of money, the disproportion being more than between five 

and five hundred; though, at the same time, half a year's product 
is more worth than the inheritance, where there being more land 
than the inhabitants possess and make use of, any one has liberty 
to make use of the waste: but there conquerors take little care 
to possess themselves of the lands of the vanquished, No damage 
therefore, that men in the state of nature (as all princes and 
governments are in reference to one another) suffer from one 
another, can give a conqueror power to dispossess the posterity 
of the vanquished, and turn them out of that inheritance, which 
ought to be the possession of them and their descendants to all 
generations.  The conqueror indeed will be apt to think himself 
master: and it is the very condition of the subdued not to be 
able to dispute their right.  But if that be all, it gives no 
other title than what bare force gives to the stronger over the 
weaker: and, by this reason, he that is strongest will have a 
right to whatever he pleases to seize on.
     Sec. 185.  Over those then that joined with him in the war, 
and over those of the subdued country that opposed him not, and 
the posterity even of those that did, the conqueror, even in a 
just war, hath, by his conquest, no right of dominion: they are 
free from any subjection to him, and if their former government 
be dissolved, they are at liberty to begin and erect another to 
themselves.
     Sec. 186.  The conqueror, it is true, usually, by the force 
he has over them, compels them, with a sword at their breasts, to 
stoop to his conditions, and submit to such a government as he 
pleases to afford them; but the enquiry is, what right he has to 
do so?  If it be said, they submit by their own consent, then 
this allows their own consent to be necessary to give the 
conqueror a title to rule over them.  It remains only to be 
considered, whether promises extorted by force, without right, 
can be thought consent, and how far they bind.  To which I shall 
say, they bind not at all; because whatsoever another gets from 
me by force, I still retain the right of, and he is obliged 
presently to restore.  He that forces my horse from me, ought 
presently to restore him, and I have still a right to retake him.   
By the same reason, he that forced a promise from me, ought 
presently to restore it, i.e.  quit me of the obligation of it; 
or I may resume it myself, i.e.  chuse whether I will perform it: 
for the law of nature laying an obligation on me only by the 
rules she prescribes, cannot oblige me by the violation of her 
rules: such is the extorting any thing from me by force.  Nor 
does it at all alter the case to say, I gave my promise, no more 
than it excuses the force, and passes the right, when I put my 
hand in my pocket, and deliver my purse myself to a thief, who 
demands it with a pistol at my breast.   
     Sec. 187.  From all which it follows, that the government of 
a conqueror, imposed by force on the subdued, against whom he had 
no right of war, or who joined not in the war against him, where 
he had right, has no obligation upon them.
     Sec. 188.  But let us suppose, that all the men of that 
community, being all members of the same body politic, may be 
taken to have joined in that unjust war wherein they are subdued, 
and so their lives are at the mercy of the conqueror.
     Sec. 189.  1 say, this concerns not their children who are 
in their minority: for since a father hath not, in himself, a 
power over the life or liberty of his child, no act of his can 
possibly forfeit it.  So that the children, whatever may have 
happened to the fathers, are freemen, and the absolute power of 
the conqueror reaches no farther than the persons of the men that 
were subdued by him, and dies with them: and should he govern 
them as slaves, subjected to his absolute arbitrary power, he has 
no such right of dominion over their children.  He can have no 
power over them but by their own consent, whatever he may drive 
them to say or do; and he has no lawfull authority, whilst force, 
and not choice, compels them to submission.

     Sec. 190.  Every man is born with a double right: first, a 
right of freedom to his person, which no other man has a power 
over, but the free disposal of it lies in himself.  Secondly, a 
right, before any other man, to inherit with his brethren his 
father's goods.
     Sec. 191.  By the first of these, a man is naturally free 
from subjection to any government, tho' he be born in a place 
under its jurisdiction; but if he disclaim the lawful government 
of the country he was born in, he must also quit the right that 
belonged to him by the laws of it, and the possessions there 
descending to him from his ancestors, if it were a government 
made by their consent.
     Sec. 192.  By the second, the inhabitants of any country, 
who are descended, and derive a title to their estates from those 
who are subdued, and had a government forced upon them against 
their free consents, retain a right to the possession of their 
ancestors, though they consent not freely to the government, 
whose hard conditions were by force imposed on the possessors of 
that country: for the first conqueror never having had a title to 
the land of that country, the people who are the descendants of, 
or claim under those who were forced to submit to the yoke of a 
government by constraint, have always a right to shake it off, 
and free themselves from the usurpation or tyranny which the 
sword hath brought in upon them, till their rulers put them under 
such a frame of government as they willingly and of choice 
consent to.  Who doubts but the Grecian Christians, descendants 
of the ancient possessors of that country, may justly cast off 
the Turkish yoke, which they have so long groaned under, whenever 
they have an opportunity to do it?  For no government can have a 
right to obedience from a people who have not freely consented to 
it; which they can never be supposed to do, till either they are 
put in a full state of liberty to chuse their government and 
governors, or at least till they have such standing laws, to 
which they have by themselves or their representatives given 
their free consent, and also till they are allowed their due 
property, which is so to be proprietors of what they have, that 
no body can take away any part of it without their own consent, 
without which, men under any government are not in the state of 
freemen, but are direct slaves under the force of war.
     Sec. 193.  But granting that the conqueror in a just war has 
a right to the estates, as well as power over the persons, of the 
conquered; which, it is plain, he hath not: nothing of absolute 
power will follow from hence, in the continuance of the 
government; because the descendants of these being all freemen, 
if he grants them estates and possessions to inhabit his country, 
(without which it would be worth nothing) whatsoever he grants 
them, they have, so far as it is granted, property in.  The 
nature whereof is, that without a man's own consent it cannot be 
taken from him,
     Sec. 194.  Their persons are free by a native right, and 
their properties, be they more or less, are their own, and at 
their own dispose, and not at his; or else it is no property.  
Supposing the conqueror gives to one man a thousand acres, to him 
and his heirs for ever; to another he lets a thousand acres for 
his life, under the rent of 501.  or 5001.  per arm.  has not the 
one of these a right to his thousand acres for ever, and the 
other, during his life, paying the said rent? and hath not the 
tenant for life a property in all that he gets over and above his 
rent, by his labour and industry during the said term, supposing 
it be double the rent?  Can any one say, the king, or conqueror, 
after his grant, may by his power of conqueror take away all, or 
part of the land from the heirs of one, or from the other during 
his life, he paying the rent? or can he take away from either the 
goods or money they have got upon the said land, at his pleasure?  
If he can, then all free and voluntary contracts cease, and are 
void in the world; there needs nothing to dissolve them at any 

time, but power enough: and all the grants and promises of men in 
power are but mockery and collusion: for can there be any thing 
more ridiculous than to say, I give you and your's this for ever, 
and that in the surest and most solemn way of conveyance can be 
devised; and yet it is to be understood, that I have right, if I 
please, to take it away from you again to morrow?
     Sec. 195.  1 will not dispute now whether princes are exempt 
from the laws of their country; but this I am sure, they owe 
subjection to the laws of God and nature.  No body, no power, can 
exempt them from the obligations of that eternal law.  Those are 
so great, and so strong, in the case of promises, that 
omnipotency itself can be tied by them.  Grants, promises, and 
oaths, are bonds that hold the Almighty: whatever some flatterers 
say to princes of the world, who all together, with all their 
people joined to them, are, in comparison of the great God, but 
as a drop of the bucket, or a dust on the balance, 
inconsiderable, nothing!
     Sec. 196.  The short of the case in conquest is this: the 
conqueror, if he have a just cause, has a despotical right over 
the persons of all, that actually aided, and concurred in the war 
against him, and a right to make up his damage and cost out of 
their labour and estates, so he injure not the right of any 
other.  Over the rest of the people, if there were any that 
consented not to the war, and over the children of the captives 
themselves, or the possessions of either, he has no power; and so 
can have, by virtue of conquest, no lawful title himself to 
dominion over them, or derive it to his posterity; but is an 
aggressor, if he attempts upon their properties, and thereby puts 
himself in a state of war against them, and has no better a right 
of principality, he, nor any of his successors, than Hingar, or 
Hubba, the Danes, had here in England; or Spartacus, had he 
conquered Italy, would have had; which is to have their yoke cast 
off, as soon as God shall give those under their subjection 
courage and opportunity to do it.  Thus, notwithstanding whatever 
title the kings of Assyria had over Judah, by the sword, God 
assisted Hezekiah to throw off the dominion of that conquering 
empire.  And the lord was with Hezekiah, and he prospered; 
wherefore he went forth, and he rebelled against the king of 
Assyria, and served him not, 2 Kings xviii.  7.  Whence it is 
plain, that shaking off a power, which force, and not right, hath 
set over any one, though it hath the name of rebellion, yet is no 
offence before God, but is that which he allows and countenances, 
though even promises and covenants, when obtained by force, have 
intervened: for it is very probable, to any one that reads the 
story of Ahaz and Hezekiah attentively, that the Assyrians 
subdued Ahaz, and deposed him, and made Hezekiah king in his 
father's lifetime; and that Hezekiah by agreement had done him 
homage, and paid him tribute all this time.



                      CHAP.  XVII.

                     Of USURPATION.

     Sec. 197.  AS conquest may be called a foreign usurpation, 
so usurpation is a kind of domestic conquest, with this 
difference, that an usurper can never have right on his side, it 
being no usurpation, but where one is got into the possession of 
what another has right to.   This, so far as it is usurpation, is 
a change only of persons, but not of the forms and rules of the 
government: for if the usurper extend his power beyond what of 
right belonged to the lawful princes, or governors of the 
commonwealth, it is tyranny added to usurpation.
     Sec. 198.  In all lawful governments, the designation of the 
persons, who are to bear rule, is as natural and necessary a part 

as the form of the government itself, and is that which had its 
establishment originally from the people; the anarchy being much 
alike, to have no form of government at all; or to agree, that it 
shall be monarchical, but to appoint no way to design the person 
that shall have the power, and be the monarch.  Hence all 
commonwealths, with the form of government established, have 
rules also of appointing those who are to have any share in the 
public authority, and settled methods of conveying the right to 
them: for the anarchy is much alike, to have no form of 
government at all; or to agree that it shall be monarchical, but 
to appoint no way to know or design the person that shall have 
the power, and be the monarch.  Whoever gets into the exercise of 
any part of the power, by other ways than what the laws of the 
community have prescribed, hath no right to be obeyed, though the 
form of the commonwealth be still preserved; since he is not the 
person the laws have appointed, and consequently not the person 
the people have consented to.  Nor can such an usurper, or any 
deriving from him, ever have a title, till the people are both at 
liberty to consent, and have actually consented to allow, and 
confirm in him the power he hath till then usurped.



                     CHAP.  XVIII.

                      Of TYRANNY.

     Sec. 199.  AS usurpation is the exercise of power, which 
another hath a right to; so tyranny is the exercise of power 
beyond right, which no body can have a right to.  And this is 
making use of the power any one has in his hands, not for the 
good of those who are under it, but for his own private separate 
advantage.  When the governor, however intitled, makes not the 
law, but his will, the rule; and his commands and actions are not 
directed to the preservation of the properties of his people, but 
the satisfaction of his own ambition, revenge, covetousness, or 
any other irregular passion.
     Sec. 200.  If one can doubt this to be truth, or reason, 
because it comes from the obscure hand of a subject, I hope the 
authority of a king will make it pass with him.  King James the 
first, in his speech to the parliament, 1603, tells them thus, I 
will ever prefer the weal of the public, and of the whole 
commonwealth, in making of good laws and constitutions, to any 
particular and private ends of mine; thinking ever the wealth and 
weal of the commonwealth to be my greatest weal and worldly 
felicity; a point wherein a lawful king doth directly differ from 
a tyrant: for I do acknowledge, that the special and greatest 
point of difference that is between a rightful king and an 
usurping tyrant, is this, that whereas the proud and ambitious 
tyrant doth think his kingdom and people are only ordained for 
satisfaction of his desires and unreasonable appetites, the 
righteous and just king doth by the contrary acknowledge himself 
to be ordained for the procuring of the wealth and property of 
his people, And again, in his speech to the parliament, 1609, he 
hath these words, The king binds himself by a double oath, to the 
observation of the fundamental laws of his kingdom; tacitly, as 
by being a king, and so bound to protect as well the people, as 
the laws of his kingdom; and expressly, by his oath at his 
coronation, so as every just king, in a settled kingdom, is bound 
to observe that paction made to his people, by his laws, in 
framing his government agreeable thereunto, according to that 
paction which God made with Noah after the deluge.  Hereafter, 
seed-time and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, 
and day and night, shall not cease while the earth remaineth.  
And therefore a king governing in a settled kingdom, leaves to be 
a king, and degenerates into a tyrant, as soon as he leaves off 

to rule according to his laws, And a little after, Therefore all 
kings that are not tyrants, or perjured, will be glad to bound 
themselves within the limits of their laws; and they that 
persuade them the contrary, are vipers, and pests both against 
them and the commonwealth.  Thus that learned king, who well 
understood the notion of things, makes the difference betwixt a 
king and a tyrant to consist only in this, that one makes the 
laws the bounds of his power, and the good of the public, the end 
of his government; the other makes all give way to his own will 
and appetite.
     Sec. 201.  It is a mistake, to think this fault is proper 
only to monarchies; other forms of government are liable to it, 
as well as that: for wherever the power, that is put in any hands 
for the government of the people, and the preservation of their 
properties, is applied to other ends, and made use of to 
impoverish, harass, or subdue them to the arbitrary and irregular 
commands of those that have it; there it presently becomes 
tyranny, whether those that thus use it are one or many.  Thus we 
read of the thirty tyrants at Athens, as well as one at Syracuse; 
and the intolerable dominion of the Decemviri  at Rome was 
nothing better.
     Sec. 202.  Where-ever law ends, tyranny begins, if the law 
be transgressed to another's harm; and whosoever in authority 
exceeds the power given him by the law, and makes use of the 
force he has under his command, to compass that upon the subject, 
which the law allows not, ceases in that to be a magistrate; and, 
acting without authority, may be opposed, as any other man, who 
by force invades the right of another.  This is acknowledged in 
subordinate magistrates.  He that hath authority to seize my 
person in the street, may be opposed as a thief and a robber, if 
he endeavours to break into my house to execute a writ, 
notwithstanding that I know he has such a warrant, and such a 
legal authority, as will impower him to arrest me abroad.  And 
why this should not hold in the highest, as well as in the most 
inferior magistrate, I would gladly be informed.  Is it 
reasonable, that the eldest brother, because he has the greatest 
part of his father's estate, should thereby have a right to take 
away any of his younger brothers portions? or that a rich man, 
who possessed a whole country, should from thence have a right to 
seize, when he pleased, the cottage and garden of his poor 
neighbour?  The being rightfully possessed of great power and 
riches, exceedingly beyond the greatest part of the sons of Adam, 
is so far from being an excuse, much less a reason, for rapine 
and oppression, which the endamaging another without authority 
is, that it is a great aggravation of it: for the exceeding the 
bounds of authority is no more a right in a great, than in a 
petty officer; no more justifiable in a king than a constable; 
but is so much the worse in him, in that he has more trust put in 
him, has already a much greater share than the rest of his 
brethren, and is supposed, from the advantages of his education, 
employment, and counsellors, to be more knowing in the measures 
of right and wrong.
     Sec. 203.  May the commands then of a prince be opposed? may 
he be resisted as often as any one shall find himself aggrieved, 
and but imagine he has not right done him?  This will unhinge and 
overturn all polities, and, instead of government and order, 
leave nothing but anarchy and confusion.
     Sec. 204.  To this I answer, that force is to be opposed to 
nothing, but to unjust and unlawful force; whoever makes any 
opposition in any other case, draws on himself a just 
condemnation both from God and man; and so no such danger or 
confusion will follow, as is often suggested: for,
     Sec. 205.  First, As, in some countries, the person of the 
prince by the law is sacred; and so, whatever he commands or 
does, his person is still free from all question or violence, not 
liable to force, or any judicial censure or condemnation.  But 

yet opposition may be made to the illegal acts of any inferior 
officer, or other commissioned by him; unless he will, by 
actually putting himself into a state of war with his people, 
dissolve the government, and leave them to that defence which 
belongs to every one in the state of nature: for of such things 
who can tell what the end will be? and a neighbour kingdom has 
shewed the world an odd example.  In all other cases the 
sacredness of the person exempts him from all inconveniencies, 
whereby he is secure, whilst the government stands, from all 
violence and harm whatsoever; than which there cannot be a wiser 
constitution: for the harm he can do in his own person not being 
likely to happen often, nor to extend itself far; nor being able 
by his single strength to subvert the laws, nor oppress the body 
of the people, should any prince have so much weakness, and ill 
nature as to be willing to do it, the inconveniency of some 
particular mischiefs, that may happen sometimes, when a heady 
prince comes to the throne, are well recompensed by the peace of 
the public, and security of the government, in the person of the 
chief magistrate, thus set out of the reach of danger: it being 
safer for the body, that some few private men should be sometimes 
in danger to suffer, than that the head of the republic should be 
easily, and upon slight occasions, exposed.
     Sec. 206.  Secondly, But this privilege, belonging only to 
the king's person, hinders not, but they may be questioned, 
opposed, and resisted, who use unjust force, though they pretend 
a commission from him, which the law authorizes not; as is plain 
in the case of him that has the king's writ to arrest a man, 
which is a full commission from the king; and yet he that has it 
cannot break open a man's house to do it, nor execute this 
command of the king upon certain days, nor in certain places, 
though this commission have no such exception in it; but they are 
the limitations of the law, which if any one transgress, the 
king's commission excuses him not: for the king's authority being 
given him only by the law, he cannot impower any one to act 
against the law, or justify him, by his commission, in so doing; 
the commission, or command of any magistrate, where he has no 
authority, being as void and insignificant, as that of any 
private man; the difference between the one and the other, being 
that the magistrate has some authority so far, and to such ends, 
and the private man has none at all: for it is not the 
commission, but the authority, that gives the right of acting; 
and against the laws there can be no authority.  But, 
notwithstanding such resistance, the king's person and authority 
are still both secured, and so no danger to governor or 
government,
     Sec. 207.  Thirdly, Supposing a government wherein the 
person of the chief magistrate is not thus sacred; yet this 
doctrine of the lawfulness of resisting all unlawful exercises of 
his power, will not upon every slight occasion indanger him, or 
imbroil the government: for where the injured party may be 
relieved, and his damages repaired by appeal to the law, there 
can be no pretence for force, which is only to be used where a 
man is intercepted from appealing to the law: for nothing is to 
be accounted hostile force, but where it leaves not the remedy of 
such an appeal; and it is such force alone, that puts him that 
uses it into a state of war, and makes it lawful to resist him.  
A man with a sword in his hand demands my purse in the high-way, 
when perhaps I have not twelve pence in my pocket: this man I may 
lawfully kill.  To another I deliver lool.  to hold only whilst I 
alight, which he refuses to restore me, when I am got up again, 
but draws his sword to defend the possession of it by force, if I 
endeavour to retake it.  The mischief this man does me is a 
hundred, or possibly a thousand times more than the other perhaps 
intended me (whom I killed before he really did me any); and yet 
I might lawfully kill the one, and cannot so much as hurt the 
other lawfully.  The reason whereof is plain; because the one 

using force, which threatened my life, I could not have time to 
appeal to the law to secure it: and when it was gone, it was too 
late to appeal.  The law could not restore life to my dead 
carcass: the loss was irreparable; which to prevent, the law of 
nature gave me a right to destroy him, who had put himself into a 
state of war with me, and threatened my destruction.  But in the 
other case, my life not being in danger, I may have the benefit 
of appealing to the law, and have reparation for my lool.  that 
way.
     Sec. 208.  Fourthly, But if the unlawful acts done by the 
magistrate be maintained (by the power he has got), and the 
remedy which is due by law, be by the same power obstructed; yet 
the right of resisting, even in such manifest acts of tyranny, 
will not suddenly, or on slight occasions, disturb the 
government: for if it reach no farther than some private men's 
cases, though they have a right to defend themselves, and to 
recover by force what by unlawful force is taken from them; yet 
the right to do so will not easily engage them in a contest, 
wherein they are sure to perish; it being as impossible for one, 
or a few oppressed men to disturb the government, where the body 
of the people do not think themselves concerned in it, as for a 
raving mad-man, or heady malcontent to overturn a well settled 
state; the people being as little apt to follow the one, as the 
other.
     Sec. 209.  But if either these illegal acts have extended to 
the majority of the people; or if the mischief and oppression has 
lighted only on some few, but in such cases, as the precedent, 
and consequences seem to threaten all; and they are persuaded in 
their consciences, that their laws, and with them their estates, 
liberties, and lives are in danger, and perhaps their religion 
too; how they will be hindered from resisting illegal force, used 
against them, I cannot tell.  This is an inconvenience, I 
confess, that attends all governments whatsoever, when the 
governors have brought it to this pass, to be generally suspected 
of their people; the most dangerous state which they can possibly 
put themselves in.  wherein they are the less to be pitied, 
because it is so easy to be avoided; it being as impossible for a 
governor, if he really means the good of his people, and the 
preservation of them, and their laws together, not to make them 
see and feel it, as it is for the father of a family, not to let 
his children see he loves, and takes care of them.
     Sec. 210.  But if all the world shall observe pretences of 
one kind, and actions of another; arts used to elude the law, and 
the trust of prerogative (which is an arbitrary power in some 
things left in the prince's hand to do good, not harm to the 
people) employed contrary to the end for which it was given: if 
the people shall find the ministers and subordinate magistrates 
chosen suitable to such ends, and favoured, or laid by, 
proportionably as they promote or oppose them: if they see 
several experiments made of arbitrary power, and that religion 
underhand favoured, (tho' publicly proclaimed against) which is 
readiest to introduce it; and the operators in it supported, as 
much as may be; and when that cannot be done, yet approved still, 
and liked the better: if a long train of actions shew the 
councils all tending that way; how can a man any more hinder 
himself from being persuaded in his own mind, which way things 
are going; or from casting about how to save himself, than he 
could from believing the captain of the ship he was in, was 
carrying him, and the rest of the company, to Algiers, when he 
found him always steering that course, though cross winds, leaks 
in his ship, and want of men and provisions did often force him 
to turn his course another way for some time, which he steadily 
returned to again, as soon as the wind, weather, and other 
circumstances would let him?




                       CHAP.  XIX.

           Of the Dissolution of Government.

     Sec. 211.  HE that will with any clearness speak of the 
dissolution of government, ought in the first place to 
distinguish between the dissolution of the society and the 
dissolution of the government.   That which makes the community, 
and brings men out of the loose state of nature, into one politic 
society, is the agreement which every one has with the rest to 
incorporate, and act as one body, and so be one distinct common-
wealth.  The usual, and almost only way whereby this union is 
dissolved, is the inroad of foreign force mak
ing a conquest upon them: for in that case, (not being able to 
maintain and support themselves, as one intire and independent 
body) the union belonging to that body which consisted therein, 
must necessarily cease, and so every one return to the state he 
was in before, with a liberty to shift for himself, and provide 
for his own safety, as he thinks fit, in some other society.  
Whenever the society is dissolved, it is certain the government 
of that society cannot remain.  Thus conquerors swords often cut 
up governments by the roots, and mangle societies to pieces, 
separating the subdued or scattered multitude from the protection 
of, and dependence on, that society which ought to have preserved 
them from violence.  The world is too well instructed in, and too 
forward to allow of, this way of dissolving of governments, to 
need any more to be said of it; and there wants not much argument 
to prove, that where the society is dissolved, the government 
cannot remain; that being as impossible, as for the frame of an 
house to subsist when the materials of it are scattered and 
dissipated by a whirl-wind, or jumbled into a confused heap by an 
earthquake.
     Sec. 212.  Besides this over-turning from without, 
governments are dissolved from within,
     First, When the legislative is altered.  Civil society being 
a state of peace, amongst those who are of it, from whom the 
state of war is excluded by the umpirage, which they have 
provided in their legislative, for the ending all differences 
that may arise amongst any of them, it is in their legislative, 
that the members of a commonwealth are united, and combined 
together into one coherent living body.  This is the soul that 
gives form, life, and unity, to the common-wealth: from hence the 
several members have their mutual influence, sympathy, and 
connexion: and therefore, when the legislative is broken, or 
dissolved, dissolution and death follows: for the essence and 
union of the society consisting in having one will, the 
legislative, when once established by the majority, has the 
declaring, and as it were keeping of that will.  The constitution 
of the legislative is the first and fundamental act of society, 
whereby provision is made for the continuation of their union, 
under the direction of persons, and bonds of laws, made by 
persons authorized thereunto, by the consent and appointment of 
the people, without which no one man, or number of men, amongst 
them, can have authority of making laws that shall be binding to 
the rest.   When any one, or more, shall take upon them to make 
laws, whom the people have not appointed so to do, they make laws 
without authority, which the people are not therefore bound to 
obey; by which means they come again to be out of subjection, and 
may constitute to themselves a new legislative, as they think 
best, being in full liberty to resist the force of those, who 
without authority would impose any thing upon them.  Every one is 
at the disposure of his own will, when those who had, by the 
delegation of the society, the declaring of the public will, are 
excluded from it, and others usurp the place, who have no such 
authority or delegation.

     Sec. 213.  This being usually brought about by such in the 
commonwealth who misuse the power they have; it is hard to 
consider it aright, and know at whose door to lay it, without 
knowing the form of government in which it happens.  Let us 
suppose then the legislative placed in the concurrence of three 
distinct persons.
     1.  A single hereditary person, having the constant, 
supreme, executive power, and with it the power of convoking and 
dissolving the other two within certain periods of time.
     2.  An assembly of hereditary nobility.
     3.  An assembly of representatives chosen, pro tempore, by 
the people.  Such a form of government supposed, it is evident,
     Sec. 214.  First, That when such a single person, or prince, 
sets up his own arbitrary will in place of the laws, which are 
the will of the society, declarad by the legislative, then the 
legislative is changed: for that being in effect the legislative, 
whose rules and laws are put in execution, and required to be 
obeyed; when other laws are set up, and other rules pretended, 
and inforced, than what the legislative, constituted by the 
society, have enacted, it is plain that the legislative is 
changed.  Whoever introduces new laws, not being thereunto 
authorized by the fundamental appointment of the society, or 
subverts the old, disowns and overturns the power by which they 
were made, and so sets up a new legislative.
     Sec. 215.  Secondly, When the prince hinders the legislative 
from assembling in its due time, or from acting freely, pursuant 
to those ends for which it was constituted, the legislative is 
altered: for it is not a certain number of men, no, nor their 
meeting, unless they have also freedom of debating, and leisure 
of perfecting, what is for the good of the society, wherein the 
legislative consists: when these are taken away or altered, so as 
to deprive the society of the due exercise of their power, the 
legislative is truly altered; for it is not names that constitute 
governments, but the use and exercise of those powers that were 
intended to accompany them; so that he, who takes away the 
freedom, or hinders the acting of the legislative in its due 
seasons, in effect takes away the legislative, and puts an end to 
the government,
     Sec. 216.  Thirdly, When, by the arbitrary power of the 
prince, the electors, or ways of election, are altered, without 
the consent, and contrary to the common interest of the people, 
there also the legislative is altered: for, if others than those 
whom the society hath authorized thereunto, do chuse, or in 
another way than what the society hath prescribed, those chosen 
are not the legislative appointed by the people.
     Sec. 217.  Fourthly, The delivery also of the people into 
the subjection of a foreign power, either by the prince, or by 
the legislative, is certainly a change of the legislative, and so 
a dissolution of the government: for the end why people entered 
into society being to be preserved one intire, free, independent 
society, to be governed by its own laws; this is lost, whenever 
they are given up into the power of another.
     Sec. 218.  Why, in such a constitution as this, the 
dissolution of the government in these cases is to be imputed to 
the prince, is evident; because he, having the force, treasure 
and offices of the state to employ, and often persuading himself, 
or being flattered by others, that as supreme magistrate he is 
uncapable of controul; he alone is in a condition to make great 
advances toward such changes, under pretence of lawful authority, 
and has it in his hands to terrify or suppress opposers, as 
factious, seditious, and enemies to the government: whereas no 
other part of the legislative, or people, is capable by 
themselves to attempt any alteration of the legislative, without 
open and visible rebellion, apt enough to be taken notice of, 
which, when it prevails, produces effects very little different 
from foreign conquest.  Besides, the prince in such a form of 

government, having the power of dissolving the other parts of the 
legislative, and thereby rendering them private persons, they can 
never in opposition to him, or without his concurrence, alter the 
legislative by a law, his conse power, neglects and abandons that charge, so that the 
laws already made can no longer be put in execution.  This is 
demonstratively to reduce all to anarchy, and so effectually to 
dissolve the government: for laws not being made for themselves, 
but to be, by their execution, the bonds of the society, to keep 
every part of the body politic in its due place and function; 
when that totally ceases, the government visibly ceases, and the 
people become a confused multitude, without order or connexion.  
Where there is no longer the administration of justice, for the 
securing of men's rights, nor any remaining power within the 
community to direct the force, or provide for the necessities of 
the public, there certainly is no government left.  Where the 
laws cannot be executed, it is all one as if there were no laws; 
and a government without laws is, I suppose, a mystery in 
politics, unconceivable to human capacity, and inconsistent with 
human society.
     Sec. 220.  In these and the like cases, when the government 
is dissolved, the people are at liberty to provide for 
themselves, by erecting a new legislative, differing from the 
other, by the change of persons, or form, or both, as they shall 
find it most for their safety and good: for the society can 
never, by the fault of another, lose the native and original 
right it has to preserve itself, which can only be done by a 
settled legislative, and a fair and impartial execution of the 
laws made by it.  But the state of mankind is not so miserable 
that they are not capable of using this remedy, till it be too 
late to look for any.  To tell people they may provide for 
themselves, by erecting a new legislative, when by oppression, 
artifice, or being delivered over to a foreign power, their old 
one is gone, is only to tell them, they may expect relief when it 
is too late, and the evil is past cure.  This is in effect no 
more than to bid them first be slaves, and then to take care of 
their liberty; and when their chains are on, tell them, they may 
act like freemen.  This, if barely so, is rather mockery than 
relief; and men can never be secure from tyranny, if there be no 
means to escape it till they are perfectly under it: and 
therefore it is, that they have not only a right to get out of 
it, but to prevent it.
     Sec. 221.  There is therefore, secondly, another way whereby 
governments are dissolved, and that is, when the legislative, or 
the prince, either of them, act contrary to their trust.    
First, The legislative acts against the trust reposed in them, 
when they endeavour to invade the property of the subject, and to 
make themselves, or any part of the community, masters, or 
arbitrary disposers of the lives, liberties, or fortunes of the 
people.
     Sec. 222.  The reason why men enter into society, is the 
preservation of their property; and the end why they chuse and 
authorize a legislative, is, that there may be laws made, and 
rules set, as guards and fences to the properties of all the 
members of the society, to limit the power, and moderate the 
dominion, of every part and member of the society: for since it 
can never be supposed to be the will of the society, that the 
legislative should have a power to destroy that which every one 
designs to secure, by entering into society, and for which the 
people submitted themselves to legislators of their own making; 
whenever the legislators endeavour to take away, and destroy the 
property of the people, or to reduce them to slavery under 
arbitrary power, they put themselves into a state of war with the 
people, who are thereupon absolved from any farther obedience, 
and are left to the common refuge, which God hath provided for 
all men, against force and violence.  Whensoever therefore the 
legislative shall transgress this fundamental rule of society; 

and either by ambition, fear, folly or corruption, endeavour to 
grasp themselves, or put into the hands of any other, an absolute 
power over the lives, liberties, and estates of the people; by 
this breach of trust they forfeit the power the people had put 
into their hands for quite contrary ends, and it devolves to the 
people, who.  have a right to resume their original liberty, and, 
by the establishment of a new legislative, (such as they shall 
think fit) provide for their own safety and security, which is 
the end for which they are in society.  What I have said here, 
concerning the legislative in general, holds true also concerning 
the supreme executor, who having a double trust put in him, both 
to have a part in the legislative, and the supreme execution of 
the law, acts against both, when he goes about to set up his own 
arbitrary will as the law of the society.  He acts also contrary 
to his trust, when he either employs the force, treasure, and 
offices of the society, to corrupt the representatives, and gain 
them to his purposes; or openly preengages the electors, and 
prescribes to their choice, such, whom he has, by sollicitations, 
threats, promises, or otherwise, won to his designs; and employs 
them to bring in such, who have promised before-hand what to 
vote, and what to enact.  Thus to regulate candidates and 
electors, and new-model the ways of election, what is it but to 
cut up the government by the roots, and poison the very fountain 
of public security? for the people having reserved to themselves 
the choice of their representatives, as the fence to their 
properties, could do it for no other end, but that they might 
always be freely chosen, and so chosen, freely act, and advise, 
as the necessity of the common-wealth, and the public good 
should, upon examination, and mature debate, be judged to 
require.  This, those who give their votes before they hear the 
debate, and have weighed the reasons on all sides, are not 
capable of doing.  To prepare such an assembly as this, and 
endeavour to set up the declared abettors of his own will, for 
the true representatives of the people, and the law-makers of the 
society, is certainly as great a breach of trust, and as perfect 
a declaration of a design to subvert the government, as is 
possible to be met with.  To which, if one shall add rewards and 
punishments visibly employed to the same end, and all the arts of 
perverted law made use of, to take off and destroy all that stand 
in the way of such a design, and will not comply and consent to 
betray the liberties of their country, it will be past doubt what 
is doing.  What power they ought to have in the society, who thus 
employ it contrary to the trust went along with it in its first 
institution, is easy to determine; and one cannot but see, that 
he, who has once attempted any such thing as this, cannot any 
longer be trusted.
     Sec. 223.  To this perhaps it will be said, that the people 
being ignorant, and always discontented, to lay the foundation of 
government in the unsteady opinion and uncertain humour of the 
people, is to expose it to certain ruin; and no government will 
be able long to subsist, if the people may set up a new 
legislative, whenever they take offence at the old one.  To this 
I answer, Quite the contrary.   People are not so easily got out 
of their old forms, as some are apt to suggest.  They are hardly 
to be prevailed with to amend the acknowledged faults in the 
frame they have been accustomed to.   And if there be any 
original defects, or adventitious ones introduced by time, or 
corruption; it is not an easy thing to get them changed, even 
when all the world sees there is an opportunity for it.  This 
slowness and aversion in the people to quit their old 
constitutions, has, in the many revolutions which have been seen 
in this kingdom, in this and former ages, still kept us to, or, 
after some interval of fruitless attempts, still brought us back 
again to our old legislative of king, lords and commons: and 
whatever provocations have made the crown be taken from some of 
our princes heads, they never carried the people so far as to 

place it in another line.
     Sec. 224.  But it will be said, this hypothesis lays a 
ferment for frequent rebellion.  To which I answer,
     First, No more than any other hypothesis: for when the 
people are made miserable, and find themselves exposed to the ill 
usage of arbitrary power, cry up their governors, as much as you 
will, for sons of Jupiter; let them be sacred and divine, 
descended, or authorized from heaven; give them out for whom or 
what you please, the same will happen.  The people generally ill 
treated, and contrary to right, will be ready upon any occasion 
to ease themselves of a burden that sits heavy upon them.  They 
will wish, and seek for the opportunity, which in the change, 
weakness and accidents of human affairs, seldom delays long to 
offer itself.  He must have lived but a little while in the 
world, who has not seen examples of this in his time; and he must 
have read very little, who cannot produce examples of it in all 
sorts of governments in the world.
     Sec. 225.  Secondly, I answer, such revolutions happen not 
upon every little mismanagement in public affairs.  Great 
mistakes in the ruling part, many wrong and inconvenient laws, 
and all the slips of human frailty, will be born by the people 
without mutiny or murmur.  But if a long train of abuses, 
prevarications and artifices, all tending the same way, make the 
design visible to the people, and they cannot but feel what they 
lie under, and see whither they are going; it is not to be 
wondered, that they should then rouze themselves, and endeavour 
to put the rule into such hands which may secure to them the ends 
for which government was at first erected; and without which, 
ancient names, and specious forms, are so far from being better, 
that they are much worse, than the state of nature, or pure 
anarchy; the inconveniencies being all as great and as near, but 
the remedy farther off and more difficult.
     Sec. 226.  Thirdly, I answer, that this doctrine of a power 
in the people of providing for their safety a-new, by a new 
legislative, when their legislators have acted contrary to their 
trust, by invading their property, is the best fence against 
rebellion, and the probablest means to hinder it: for rebellion 
being an opposition, not to persons, but authority, which is 
founded only in the constitutions and laws of the government; 
those, whoever they be, who by force break through, and by force 
justify their violation of them, are truly and properly rebels: 
for when men, by entering into society and civil-government, have 
excluded force, and introduced laws for the preservation of 
property, peace, and unity amongst themselves, those who set up 
force again in opposition to the laws, do rebellare, that is, 
bring back again the state of war, and are properly rebels: which 
they who are in power, (by the pretence they have to authority, 
the temptation of force they have in their hands, and the 
flattery of those about them) being likeliest to do; the 
properest way to prevent the evil, is to shew them the danger and 
injustice of it, who are under the greatest temptation to run 
into it.
     Sec. 227.  In both the fore-mentioned cases, when either the 
legislative is changed, or the legislators act contrary to the 
end for which they were constituted; those who are guilty are 
guilty of rebellion: for if any one by force takes away the 
established legislative of any society, and the laws by them 
made, pursuant to their trust, he thereby takes away the 
umpirage, which every one had consented to, for a peaceable 
decision of all their controversies, and a bar to the state of 
war amongst them.  They, who remove, or change the legislative, 
take away this decisive power, which no body can have, but by the 
appointment and consent of the people; and so destroying the 
authority which the people did, and no body else can set up, and 
introducing a power which the people hath not authorized, they 
actually introduce a state of war, which is that of force without 

authority: and thus, by removing the legislative established by 
the society, (in whose decisions the people acquiesced and 
united, as to that of their own will) they untie the knot, and 
expose the people a-new to the state of war, And if those, who by 
force take away the legislative, are rebels, the legislators 
themselves, as has been shewn, can be no less esteemed so; when 
they, who were set up for the protection, and preservation of the 
people, their liberties and properties, shall by force invade and 
endeavour to take them away; and so they putting themselves into 
a state of war with those who made them the protectors and 
guardians of their peace, are properly, and with the greatest 
aggravation, rebellantes, rebels.
     Sec. 228.  But if they, who say it lays a foundation for 
rebellion, mean that it may occasion civil wars, or intestine 
broils, to tell the people they are absolved from obedience when 
illegal attempts are made upon their liberties or properties, and 
may oppose the unlawful violence of those who were their 
magistrates, when they invade their properties contrary to the 
trust put in them; and that therefore this doctrine is not to be 
allowed, being so destructive to the peace of the world: they may 
as well say, upon the same ground, that honest men may not oppose 
robbers or pirates, because this may occasion disorder or 
bloodshed.  If any mischief come in such cases, it is not to be 
charged upon him who defends his own right, but on him that 
invades his neighbours.  If the innocent honest man must quietly 
quit all he has, for peace sake, to him who will lay violent 
hands upon it, I desire it may be considered, what a kind of 
peace there will be in the world, which consists only in violence 
and rapine; and which is to be maintained only for the benefit of 
robbers and oppressors.  VVho would not think it an admirable 
peace betwix the mighty and the mean, when the lamb, without 
resistance, yielded his throat to be torn by the imperious wolf?  
Polyphemus's den gives us a perfect pattern of such a peace, and 
such a government, wherein Ulysses and his companions had nothing 
to do, but quietly to suffer themselves to be devoured.  And no 
doubt Ulysses, who was a prudent man, preached up passive 
obedience, and exhorted them to a quiet submission, by 
representing to them of what concernment peace was to mankind; 
and by shewing the inconveniences might happen, if they should 
offer to resist Polyphemus, who had now the power over them.
     Sec. 229.  The end of government is the good of mankind; and 
which is best for mankind, that the people should be always 
exposed to the boundless will of tyranny, or that the rulers 
should be sometimes liable to be opposed, when they grow 
exorbitant in the use of their power, and employ it for the 
destruction, and not the preservation of the properties of their 
people?
     Sec. 230.  Nor let any one say, that mischief can arise from 
hence, as often as it shall please a busy head, or turbulent 
spirit, to desire the alteration of the government.  It is true, 
such men may stir, whenever they please; but it will be only to 
their own just ruin and perdition: for till the mischief be grown 
general, and the ill designs of the rulers become visible, or 
their attempts sensible to the greater part, the people, who are 
more disposed to suffer than right themselves by resistance, are 
not apt to stir.  The examples of particular injustice, or 
oppression of here and there an unfortunate man, moves them not.  
But if they universally have a persuation, grounded upon manifest 
evidence, that designs are carrying on against their liberties, 
and the general course and tendency of things cannot but give 
them strong suspicions of the evil intention of their governors, 
who is to be blamed for it?  Who can help it, if they, who might 
avoid it, bring themselves into this suspicion?  Are the people 
to be blamed, if they have the sense of rational creatures, and 
can think of things no otherwise than as they find and feel them?  
And is it not rather their fault, who put things into such a 

posture, that they would not have them thought to be as they are?  
I grant, that the pride, ambition, and turbulency of private men 
have sometimes caused great disorders in commonwealths, and 
factions have been fatal to states and kingdoms.  But whether the 
mischief hath oftener begun in the peoples wantonness, and a 
desire to cast off the lawful authority of their rulers, or in 
the rulers insolence, and endeavours to get and exercise an 
arbitrary power over their people; whether oppression, or 
disobedience, gave the first rise to the disorder, I leave it to 
impartial history to determine.  This I am sure, whoever, either 
ruler or subject, by force goes about to invade the rights of 
either prince or people, and lays the foundation for overturning 
the constitution and frame of any just government, is highly 
guilty of the greatest crime, I think, a man is capable of, being 
to answer for all those mischiefs of blood, rapine, and 
desolation, which the breaking to pieces of governments bring on 
a country.  And he who does it, is justly to be esteemed the 
common enemy and pest of mankind, and is to be treated 
accordingly.
         Sec. 231.  That subjects or foreigners, attempting by 
force on the properties of any people, may be resisted with 
force, is agreed on all hands.  But that magistrates, doing the 
same thing, may be resisted, hath of late been denied: as if 
those who had the greatest privileges and advantages by the law, 
had thereby a power to break those laws, by which alone they were 
set in a better place than their brethren: whereas their offence 
is thereby the greater, both as being ungrateful for the greater 
share they have by the law, and breaking also that trust, which 
is put into their hands by their brethren.
         Sec. 232.  Whosoever uses force without right, as every 
one does in society, who does it without law, puts himself into a 
state of war with those against whom he so uses it; and in that 
state all former ties are cancelled, all other rights cease, and 
every one has a right to defend himself, and to resist the 
aggressor.  This is so evident, that Barclay himself, that great 
assertor of the power and sacredness of kings, is forced to 
confess, That it is lawful for the people, in some cases, to 
resist their king; and that too in a chapter, wherein he pretends 
to shew, that the divine law shuts up the people from all manner 
of rebellion.  Whereby it is evident, even by his own doctrine, 
that, since they may in some cases resist, all resisting of 
princes is not rebellion.  His words are these.  Quod siquis 
dicat, Ergone populus tyrannicae crudelitati & furori jugulum 
semper praebebit?  Ergone multitude civitates suas fame, ferro, & 
flamma vastari, seque, conjuges, & liberos fortunae ludibrio & 
tyranni libidini exponi, inque omnia vitae pericula omnesque 
miserias & molestias a rege deduci patientur?  Num illis quod 
omni animantium generi est a natura tributum, denegari debet, ut 
sc. vim vi repellant, seseq; ab injuria, tueantur?  Huic breviter 
responsum sit, Populo universo negari defensionem, quae juris 
naturalis est, neque ultionem quae praeter naturam est adversus 
regem concedi debere.   Quapropter si rex non in singulares 
tantum personas aliquot privatum odium exerceat, sed corpus etiam 
reipublicae, cujus ipse caput est, i.e.  totum populum, vel 
insignem aliquam ejus partem immani & intoleranda saevitia seu 
tyrannide divexet; populo, quidem hoc casu resistendi ac tuendi 
se ab injuria potestas competit, sed tuendi se tantum, non enim 
in principem invadendi: & restituendae injuriae illatae, non 
recedendi a debita reverentia propter acceptam injuriam.  
Praesentem denique impetum propulsandi non vim praeteritam 
ulciscenti jus habet.  Horum enim alterum a natura est, ut vitam 
scilicet corpusque tueamur.  Alterum vero contra naturam, ut 
inferior de superiori supplicium sumat.  Quod itaque populus 
malum, antequam factum sit, impedire potest, ne fiat, id postquam 
factum est, in regem authorem sceleris vindicare non potest: 
populus igitur hoc amplius quam privatus quispiam habet: quod 

huic, vel ipsis adversariis judicibus, excepto Buchanano, nullum 
nisi in patientia remedium superest.  Cum ille si intolerabilis 
tyrannus est (modicum enim ferre omnino debet) resistere cum 
reverentia possit, Barclay contra Monarchom.  1. iii. c. 8.

     In English thus:

     Sec. 233.  But if any one should ask, Must the people then 
always lay themselves open to the cruelty and rage of tyranny?  
Must they see their cities pillaged, and laid in ashes, their 
wives and children exposed to the tyrant's lust and fury, and 
themselves and families reduced by their king to ruin, and all 
the miseries of want and oppression, and yet sit still?  Must men 
alone be debarred the common privilege of opposing force with 
force, which nature allows so freely to all other creatures for 
their preservation from injury?  I answer: Self-defence is a part 
of the law of nature; nor can it be denied the community, even 
against the king himself: but to revenge themselves upon him, 
must by no means be allowed them; it being not agreeable to that 
law.  Wherefore if the king shall shew an hatred, not only to 
some particular persons, but sets himself against the body of the 
common-wealth, whereof he is the head, and shall, with 
intolerable ill usage, cruelly tyrannize over the u7hole, or a 
considerable part of the people, in this case the people have a 
right to resist and defend themselves from injury: but it must be 
with this caution, that they only defend themselves, but do not 
attack their prince: they may repair the damages received, but 
must not for any provocation exceed the bounds of due reverence 
and respect.  They may repulse the present attempt, but must not 
revenge past violences: for it is natural for us to defend life 
and limb, but that an inferior should punish a superior, is 
against nature.  The mischief which is designed them, the people 
may prevent before it be done; but when it is done, they must not 
revenge it on the king, though author of the villany.  This 
therefore is the privilege of the people in general, above what 
any private person hath; that particular men are allowed by our 
adversaries themselves (Buchanan only excepted) to have no other 
remedy but patience; but the body of the people may with respect 
resist intolerable tyranny; for when it is but moderate, they 
ought to endure it.
     Sec. 234.  Thus far that great advocate of monarchical power 
allows of resistance.
     Sec. 235.  It is true, he has annexed two limitations to it, 
to no purpose:
     First, He says, it must be with reverence.
     Secondly, It must be without retribution, or punishment; and 
the reason he gives is, because an inferior cannot punish a 
superior.
     First, How to resist force without striking again, or how to 
strike with reverence, will need some skill to make intelligible.  
He that shall oppose an assault only with a shield to receive the 
blows, or in any more respectful posture, without a sword in his 
hand, to abate the confidence and force of the assailant, will 
quickly be at an end of his resistance, and will find such a 
defence serve only to draw on himself the worse usage.  This is 
as ridiculous a way of resisting, as juvenal thought it of 
fighting; ubi tu pulsas, ego vapulo tantum.   And the success of 
the combat will be unavoidably the same he there describes it:

      ----- Libertas pauperis haec est:
      Pulsatus rogat, & pugnis concisus, adorat,
      Ut liceat paucis cum dentibus inde reverti.

This will always be the event of such an imaginary resistance, 
where men may not strike again.  He therefore who may resist, 
must be allowed to strike.  And then let our author, or any body 

else, join a knock on the head, or a cut on the face, with as 
much reverence and respect as he thinks fit.  He that can 
reconcile blows and reverence, may, for aught I know, desire for 
his pains, a civil, respectful cudgeling where-ever he can meet 
with it.
     Secondly, As to his second, An inferior cannot punish a 
superior; that is true, generally speaking, whilst he is his 
superior.  But to resist force with force, being the state of war 
that levels the parties, cancels all former relation of 
reverence, respect, and superiority: and then the odds that 
remains, is, that he, who opposes the unjust agressor, has this 
superiority over him, that he has a right, when he prevails, to 
punish the offender, both for the breach of the peace, and all 
the evils that followed upon it.  Barclay therefore, in another 
place, more coherently to himself, denies it to be lawful to 
resist a king in any case.  But he there assigns two cases, 
whereby a king may un-king himself.  His words are,
     Quid ergo, nulline casus incidere possunt quibus populo sese 
erigere atque in regem impotentius dominantem arma capere & 
invadere jure suo suaque authoritate liceat?  Nulli certe quamdiu 
rex manet.  Semper enim ex divinis id obstat, Regem honorificato; 
& qui potestati resistit, Dei ordinationi resisit: non alias 
igitur in eum populo potestas est quam si id committat propter 
quod ipso jure rex esse desinat.  Tunc enim se ipse principatu 
exuit atque in privatis constituit liber: hoc modo populus & 
superior efficitur, reverso ad eum sc.  jure illo quod ante regem 
inauguratum in interregno habuit.   At sunt paucorum generum 
commissa ejusmodi quae hunc effectum pariunt.  At ego cum plurima 
animo perlustrem, duo tantum invenio, duos, inquam, casus quibus 
rex ipso facto ex rege non regem se facit & omni honore & 
dignitate regali atque in subditos potestate destituit; quorum 
etiam meminit Winzerus.  Horum unus est, Si regnum disperdat, 
quemadmodum de Nerone fertur, quod is nempe senatum populumque 
Romanum, atque adeo urbem ipsam ferro flammaque vastare, ac novas 
sibi sedes quaerere decrevisset.  Et de Caligula, quod palam 
denunciarit se neque civem neque principem senatui amplius fore, 
inque animo habuerit interempto utriusque ordinis electissimo 
quoque Alexandriam commigrare, ac ut populum uno ictu 
interimeret, unam ei cervicem optavit.  Talia cum rex aliquis 
meditator & molitur serio, omnem regnandi curam & animum ilico 
abjicit, ac proinde imperium in subditos amittit, ut dominus 
servi pro derelicto habiti dominium.
     Sec. 236.  Alter casus est, Si rex in alicujus clientelam se 
contulit, ac regnum quod liberum a majoribus & populo traditum 
accepit, alienae ditioni mancipavit.  Nam tunc quamvis forte non 
ea mente id agit populo plane ut incommodet: tamen quia quod 
praecipuum est regiae dignitatis amifit, ut summus scilicet in 
regno secundum Deum sit, & solo Deo inferior, atque populum etiam 
totum ignorantem vel invitum, cujus libertatem sartam & tectam 
conservare debuit, in alterius gentis ditionem & potestatem 
dedidit; hac velut quadam regni ab alienatione effecit, ut nec 
quod ipse in regno imperium habuit retineat, nec in eum cui 
collatum voluit, juris quicquam transferat; atque ita eo facto 
liberum jam & suae potestatis populum relinquit, cujus rei 
exemplum unum annales Scotici suppeditant.   Barclay contra 
Monarchom. 1. iii. c. 16.

    Which in English runs thus:

     Sec. 237.  What then, can there no case happen wherein the 
people may of right, and by their own authority, help themselves, 
take arms, and set upon their king, imperiously domineering over 
them?  None at all, whilst he remains a king.  Honour the king, 
and he that resists the power, resists the ordinance of God; are 
divine oracles that will never permit it, The people therefore 
can never come by a power over him, unless he does something that 

makes him cease to be a king: for then he divests himself of his 
crown and dignity, and returns to the state of a private man, and 
the people become free and superior, the power which they had in 
the interregnum, before they crowned him king, devolving to them 
again.  But there are but few miscarriages which bring the matter 
to this state.  After considering it well on all sides, I can 
find but two.  Two cases there are, I say, whereby a king, ipso 
facto, becomes no king, and loses all power and regal authority 
over his people; which are also taken notice of by Winzerus.
     The first is, If he endeavour to overturn the government, 
that is, if he have a purpose and design to ruin the kingdom and 
commonwealth, as it is recorded of Nero, that he resolved to cut 
off the senate and people of Rome, lay the city waste with fire 
and sword, and then remove to some other place.  And of Caligula, 
that he openly declared, that he would be no longer a head to the 
people or senate, and that he had it in his thoughts to cut off 
the worthiest men of both ranks, and then retire to Alexandria: 
and he wisht that the people had but one neck, that he might 
dispatch them all at a blow, Such designs as these, when any king 
harbours in his thoughts, and seriously promotes, he immediately 
gives up all care and thought of the common-wealth; and 
consequently forfeits the power of governing his subjects, as a 
master does the dominion over his slaves whom he hath abandoned.
     Sec. 238.  The other case is, When a king makes himself the 
dependent of another, and subjects his kingdom which his 
ancestors left him, and the people put free into his hands, to 
the dominion of another: for however perhaps it may not be his 
intention to prejudice the people; yet because he has hereby lost 
the principal part of regal dignity, viz.  to be next and 
immediately under God, supreme in his kingdom; and also because 
he betrayed or forced his people, whose liberty he ought to have 
carefully preserved, into the power and dominion of a foreign 
nation.  By this, as.  it were, alienation of his kingdom, he 
himself loses the power he had in it before, without transferring 
any the least right to those on whom he would have bestowed it; 
and so by this act sets the people free, and leaves them at their 
own disposal.  One example of this is to be found in the Scotch 
Annals.
     Sec. 239.  In these cases Barclay, the great champion of 
absolute monarchy, is forced to allow, that a king may be 
resisted, and ceases to be a king.  That is, in short, not to 
multiply cases, in whatsoever he has no authority, there he is no 
king, and may be resisted: for wheresoever the authority ceases, 
the king ceases too, and becomes like other men who have no 
authority.  And these two cases he instances in, differ little 
from those above mentioned, to be destructive to governments, 
only that he has omitted the principle from which his doctrine 
flows: and that is, the breach of trust, in not preserving the 
form of government agreed on, and in not intending the end of 
government itself, which is the public good and preservation of 
property.  When a king has dethroned himself, and put himself in 
a state of war with his people, what shall hinder them from 
prosecuting him who is no king, as they would any other man, who 
has put himself into a state of war with them, Barclay, and those 
of his opinion, would do well to tell us.  This farther I desire 
may be taken notice of out of Barclay, that he says, The mischief 
that is designed them, the people may prevent before it be clone: 
whereby he allows resistance when tyranny is but in design.  Such 
designs as these (says he) when any king harbours in his thoughts 
and seriously promotes, he immediately gives up all care and 
thought of the common-wealth; so that, according to him, the 
neglect of the public good is to be taken as an evidence of such 
design, or at least for a sufficient cause of resistance.  And 
the reason of all, he gives in these words, Because he betrayed 
or forced his people, whose liberty he ought carefully to have 
preserved.  What he adds, into the power and dominion of a 

foreign nation, signifies nothing, the fault and forfeiture lying 
in the loss of their liberty, which he ought to have preserved, 
and not in any distinction of the persons to whose dominion they 
were subjected.  The peoples right is equally invaded, and their 
liberty lost, whether they are made slaves to any of their own, 
or a foreign nation; and in this lies the injury, and against 
this only have they the right of defence.  And there are 
instances to be found in all countries, which shew, that it is 
not the change of nations in the persons of their governors, but 
the change of government, that gives the offence.  Bilson, a 
bishop of our church, and a great stickler for the power and 
prerogative of princes, does, if I mistake not, in his treatise 
of Christian subjection, acknowledge, that princes may forfeit 
their power, and their title to the obedience of their subjects; 
and if there needed authority in a case where reason is so plain, 
I could send my reader to Bracton, Fortescue, and the author of 
the Mirrour, and others, writers that cannot be suspected to be 
ignorant of our government, or enemies to it.  But I thought 
Hooker alone might be enough to satisfy those men, who relying on 
him for their ecclesiastical polity, are by a strange fate 
carried to deny those principles upon which he builds it.   
Whether they are herein made the tools of cunninger workmen, to 
pull down their own fabric, they were best look.  This I am sure, 
their civil policy is so new, so dangerous, and so destructive to 
both rulers and people, that as former ages never could bear the 
broaching of it; so it may be hoped, those to come, redeemed from 
the impositions of these Egyptian under-task-masters, will abhor 
the memory of such servile flatterers, who, whilst it seemed to 
serve their turn, resolved all government into absolute tyranny, 
and would have all men born to, what their mean souls fitted them 
for, slavery.
     Sec. 240.  Here, it is like, the common question will be 
made, Who shall be judge, whether the prince or legislative act 
contrary to their trust?  This, perhaps, ill-affected and 
factious men may spread amongst the people, when the prince only 
makes use of his due prerogative.  To this I reply, The people 
shall be judge; for who shall be judge whether his trustee or 
deputy acts well, and according to the trust reposed in him, but 
he who deputes him, and must, by having deputed him, have still a 
power to discard him, when he fails in his trust?  If this be 
reasonable in particular cases of private men, why should it be 
otherwise in that of the greatest moment, where the welfare of 
millions is concerned, and also where the evil, if not prevented, 
is greater, and the redress very difficult, dear, and dangerous?
     Sec. 241.  But farther, this question, (Who shall be judge?) 
cannot mean, that there is no judge at all: for where there is no 
judicature on earth, to decide controversies amongst men, God in 
heaven is judge.  He alone, it is true, is judge of the right.  
But every man is judge for himself, as in all other cases, so in 
this, whether another hath put himself into a state of war with 
him, and whether he should appeal to the Supreme Judge, as leptha 
did.
     Sec. 242.  If a controversy arise betwixt a prince and some 
of the people, in a matter where the law is silent, or doubtful, 
and the thing be of great consequence, I should think the proper 
umpire, in such a case, should be the body of the people: for in 
cases where the prince hath a trust reposed in him, and is 
dispensed from the common ordinary rules of the law; there, if 
any men find themselves aggrieved, and think the prince acts 
contrary to, or beyond that trust, who so proper to judge as the 
body of the people, (who, at first, lodged that trust in him) how 
far they meant it should extend?  But if the prince, or whoever 
they be in the administration, decline that way of determination, 
the appeal then lies no where but to heaven; force between either 
persons, who have no known superior on earth, or which permits no 
appeal to a judge on earth, being properly a state of war, 

wherein the appeal lies only to heaven; and in that state the 
injured party must judge for himself, when he will think fit to 
make use of that appeal, and put himself upon it.
     Sec. 243.  To conclude, The power that every individual gave 
the society, when he entered into it, can never revert to the 
individuals again, as long as the society lasts, but will always 
remain in the community; because without this there can be no 
community, no common-wealth, which is contrary to the original 
agreement: so also when the society hath placed the legislative 
in any assembly of men, to continue in them and their successors, 
with direction and authority for providing such successors, the 
legislative can never revert to the people whilst that government 
lasts; because having provided a legislative with power to 
continue for ever, they have given up their political power to 
the legislative, and cannot resume it.  But if they have set 
limits to the duration of their legislative, and made this 
supreme power in any person, or assembly, only temporary; or 
else, when by the miscarriages of those in authority, it is 
forfeited; upon the forfeiture, or at the determination of the 
time set, it reverts to the society, and the people have a right 
to act as supreme, and continue the legislative in themselves; or 
erect a new form, or under the old form place it in new hands, as 
they think good.


                          F I N I S.






 Although red is the most common color of rose given, there are many colors
 with their own special meanings. The most common are:
 
    A PINK ROSE says "I like you."
 
    A WHITE ROSE says "Let's be friends."
 
 Some of the lesser-known colors are:
 
    A YELLOW ROSE says "I'm from Texas. Wanna go roll in some hay?"
 
    An ORANGE ROSE says "I would be honored if you'd accompany me
     to the annual Halloween dance and dinner at the local VFW."
 
    A PLAID ROSE says "Let's spend a romantic evening in my basement
     eating Cheez Doodles and playing "Toss Across."
 
    A MAUVE ROSE means "I want to redecorate your apartment."
 
    A CLEAR ROSE says "Meet me by the concession stand at the NIN
     concert in a half an hour my little railroad spike of love."
 
    A FLORESCENT GREEN ROSE means "I'm so glad Cyndi Lauper has a
     comeback album!"
 
    A FLASHING YELLOW ROSE means "Proceed with caution."
 
    A GOLD ROSE says "I just made my fortune advertising O.J.
     t-shirts behind Robert Shapiro on CNBC. Wanna go out for
     chili-dogs?"
 
    A BLACK ROSE says "I'm sorry. I accidentally ran over your dog
     as it was lying asleep in your driveway. I sincerely hope this
     has no effect on our relationship as I would, in all likeli-
     hood never find another woman to date as long as I live. Due
     to my little acne problem. And the warts. Oh, who am I
     kidding? You couldn't possibly be attracted to a guy like me.
     It's the money, isn't it? Well, you can have all eleven
     million. I'll just be lying on the sidewalk in front of my
     12-story apartment building until the fine officers come and
     scrape my lifeless sack of bones from the bloodied pavement.
     Burn in hell, you bittttttt---"
 
    A PURPLE ROSE says "I like you a great deal, but my son is
     the heir to the throne and my mother, the Queen, probably
     thinks you're a slut. Not that we can't meet in this hotel
     room once a week.
 
 (compiled by doug carroll and kyria crowley)
 

 
       The top 50 things to do or say when you wake up to your roommate
                  having sex.
 
  50.  (the obvious)  "Ooooooo"
  49.  "That would work better the other way around.."
  48.  Sniff. Sniff.  "Is something burning?"
  47.  "Damn, that's complicated."
  46.  "Wait, wait, use my pillow."
  45.  "Alright already, _I_came."
  44.  "You guys need a value pak."
  43.  Smoke a pipe.  Every once in a while wave it around and say "Good
      show, old bean."
  42.  "Is that sperm or a mudpack?"
  41.  "You've got something stuck in your teeth."
  40.  "4 out of 5 dentists say that's bad for your enamel."
  39.  Go to the fridge, break open a cold one and pick up the remote.
      Point and click.  Complain when they don't change positions.
  38.  "You know, they say that three's a charm."
  37.  Suggest your favorite position.
  36.  Shine a flashlight on them and say, "This is a citizen's arrest,
      assume the position."
  35.  "Bring in the Gimp."
  34.  "Hold that pose."
  33.  Sit up in your bed, bounce vigorously, clapping and squealing with joy.
  32.  Start signing Meatloaf's "Paradise by the Dashboard Light."
  31.  Sing "Shake your bootie."
  30.  "A little to the left."
  29.  "Is that a penis in your girlfriend or are you just happy to see me?" 
  28.  "Is there room for two in there?"
  27.  "Two words: penis extension."
  26.  Invite others in as a cheering section.
  25.  Charge admission at the door.
  24.  Make and hold up score cards.
  23.  All of them should read 6.9.
  22.  Whip out a pen a paper and take notes.
  21.  "Maybe it would help if you.."
  20.  "That's what you call erect?"
  19.  "That reminds me of a joke I heard.."
  18.  "Let the chicken go, he had nothing to do with it!"
  17.  Hold up two bags and say, "Paper or plasic?"
  16.  Roll over, grunt and say, "I'd rather be fishing."
  15.  "Use the Heimlich;  she's got something stuck in her throat."
  14.  "May I cut in?"
  13.  "That's illegal in Arkansas."
  12.  "Holy whips and chains, Batman."
  11.  Scream at the top of your lungs.  If they ask what's wrong, explain
      that you thought you were having a nightmare.
  10.  Take pictures.  Explain that it was a Kodak moment.
  9.   Recite quotes from Condom Month like "Pack your weaner before you
      bean her" and "Wrap your packer before you wack her."
  8.   "MMM- that looks good, I think I'll try some, too."
  7.   "Let's make a sandwich."
  6.   "Is that hard enough for you?"
  5.   "I'm going to the water fountain.  Can I get you anything?"
  4.   "I think you dropped something."
  3.   "Do you like to eat at the Y?"
  2.   Pick up your camcorder and say "How much do you think they would
      pay to see this on Pay-Per-View?"
  1.  "How many licks does it take to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop??"
 
  


 
 The Washington Post: Sunday May 14, 1995, Final Edition
 
 Report from Week 110, in which we asked you to come up with absurd
 warning labels for common products.  We loved one particular entry
 for its wonderful idiocy:
 
 On a cardboard windshield sun shade:  "Warning: Do Not Drive With Sun
 Shield in Place."  We were going to make it a winner, until we discovered
 that it wasn't made up.
 
 Fourth Runner-Up -- On an infant's bathtub:  Do not throw baby out with
 bath water. (Gary Dawson, Arlington)
 
 Third Runner-Up -- On a package of Fisherman's Friend(R) throat lozenges:
 Not meant as substitute for human companionship.  (Tom Witte, Gaithersburg)
 
 First Runner-Up -- On a roll of Life Savers:  Not for use as a flotation
 device. (Jean Sorensen, Herndon)
 
 =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
 Honorable Mentions
 
 On a Pentium chip:  If this product exhibits errors, the manufacturer will
 replace it for a $2 shipping and a $3 handling charge, for a total of
 $4.97.  (Russell Beland, Springfield)
 
 On a refrigerator:  Refrigerate after opening.  (Cissie J. Owen, Leesburg)
 
 On a disposable razor:  Do not use this product during an earthquake. (Jim
 Gaffney, Manassas)
 
 On a handgun:  Not recommended for use as a nutcracker.  (Art Grinath,
 Takoma Park)
 
 On pantyhose:  Not to be used in the commission of a felony.  (Judith
 Daniel, Washington)
 
 On a piano:  Harmful or fatal if swallowed.  (Peter Fay, Herndon)
 
 On a can of Fix-a-Flat:  Not to be used for breast augmentation. (Jerry
 Robin, Gaithersburg)
 
 On Kevorkian's suicide machine:  This product uses carbon monoxide, which
 has been found to cause cancer in laboratory rats.  (Meg Sullivan, Potomac)
 
 On Lyndon LaRouche literature:  Mr. LaRouche is a serious political figure
 and not a paranoid lunatic, and should therefore -- Hey, what are you looking
 at? Quit staring at me.  (Meg Sullivan, Potomac)
 
 On work gloves:  For best results, do not leave at crime scene. (Ken
 Krattenmaker, Landover Hills)
 
 On a palm sander:  Not to be used to sand palms.  (Patrick G. White,
 Taneytown)
 
 On a calendar:  Use of term "Sunday" for reference only. No meteorological
 warranties express or implied.  (Elden Carnahan, Laurel)
 
 On Odor Eaters:  Do not eat.  (Chuck Smith, Woodbridge)
 
 On Sen. Bob Dole:  WARNING: Contents under pressure and may explode. (Doug
 Keim, Schaumburg, Ill. )
 
 On a blender:  Not for use as an aquarium.  (Gary Dawson, Arlington)
 
 On syrup of ipecac:  Caution: May cause vomiting.  (Paul Styrene, Olney)
 
 On a revolving door:  Passenger compartments for individual use only.
 (Elden Carnahan, Laurel)
 
 On a microscope:  Objects are smaller and less alarming than they appear.
 (J. Calvin Smith, Laurel)
 
 On children's alphabet blocks:  Letters may be used to construct words,
 phrases and sentences that may be deemed offensive.  (David Handelsman,
 Charlottesville)
 
 On a wet suit:  Capacity, 1.  (J. Calvin Smith, Laurel)
 
 And Last:  On The Washington Post:  Do not cut up and use for blackmail
 note. (Joseph Romm, Washington).
 


*****WARNING******
    THIS MATERIAL MAY BE OFFENSIVE TO ANYONE OR ANYTHING...READ WITH CARE!
            complete list available through me...:)
                Complete List



[1] The category is "Looney Tunes"
     The answer is "Wicker Box"
     What is the question?
     What Elmer Fudd would like to do to Cindy Crawford.


[2]  4 G'S of SEX
      1. Get it up.
      2. Get it in.
      3. Get it off.
      4. Get it out.


[3]  Q: What do you call three lawyers up to their necks in shit?
       A: Not enough shit!


[4]  Q: Why doesn't Santa have any kids?
       A: He only comes once a year, and that's down a chimney.


[5]  Hillary Clinton shaved all of the hair off of her pussyto prove a minor 
    point to the league of women.  She was giving a speech, pulled up her
    skirt and said "read my lips , no more bush".


[6]  Two conceited people having sex.
    her : Tight, aren't I?
    him : No, just full.


[7]  This guy walks into a psychiatrist's office with a duck on his head.
    The psychiatrist asks, "How can I help you?"
    The duck answers, "Can you get this guy off my ass?"



[8]   Q: What's the best way to avoid rape?
        A: Say yes.



[9]
One day a mother duck, a baby duck, a mother skunk, and a baby skunk were standing at the edge of the road.  The mothers were going to teach the children how to cross the road safely.  The mothers would go first and once the kids saw how it was done, they would join them on the other side.  The mothers looked both ways and when all seemed clear they started to cross.  Suddenly, from around the bend came a truck and ........SPLAAAAAT!!!... the mothers were killed.  After seeing such a tragedy, the baby duck



 started to cry.  The baby skunk asked, "What are you crying for?".  The baby duck said, "Well, my mother was teaching me how to cross the road and got killed and I don't even know what I am".  The skunk replied, "It's obvious, you've got feathers, a bill and webbed feet... you're a duck".  After awhile, the skunk started to cry.  The duck asked, "What are you crying for?".  The skunk said, "Well, my mother was teaching me how to cross the road and she was killed and I don't know what I am".  The baby duck



 replied, "Well, it's obvious, you're half black, half white and you stink......you're a Puerto Rican!!!!".  


[10] Q: How do you make a nymphomaniac lose all interest in sex?
       A: marry her


[11] Q: Why do Men marry women???
       A: Sheep can't cook 


[12] Q: Why do women have vagina's?
       A: So men will talk to them


[13] Q: How do you make a woman scream twice?
       A: Fuck her in the ass and wipe your dick off on her curtains.


[14] Q:  What's the fastest speed a woman can go?
       A:  68; at 69, she blows a rod.


[15] 
Little Johnny having heard the word "vagina" for the first time goes up to
his dad and says "What's a vagina daddy?". His dad takes him by the hand and
brings him into the bedroom where he whips out the latest Playboy centerfold. He
circles the woman's vagina and says "This, Johnny, is a vagina!". The next day
little Johnny walks up to his dad and asks "What's a cunt daddy?". Again,
daddy grabs Johnny by the hand, brings him into the bedroom and shows him the
same Playboy centerfold. "Remember what a vagina was?", dad says pointing to the
circled portion of the picture, "Well the cunt is everything else".


[16] Q: Which is the odd one out? T.V., Fridge, Washing Machine, Woman.
      A: The T.V. The other three leak when they're fucked!


[17] Q: Which is the odd one out? Wife, system, meat, blowjob
       A: Well, you can beat your wife, you can beat the system, and you can
        always beat your meat, but NOTHING beats a blowjob!


[18] 
This guy goes into a Pharmacy to buy some condoms.  The Pharmacist says
"Which do you want? The two-pack, six-pack or twelve-pack?"
The guy says "I don't know; what's the difference?"
The Pharmacist says "Well, teenagers usually buy the two-pack; one for Friday
and one for Saturday.  College students will buy the six-pack; one for Monday,
one for Tuesday, one for Wednesday, one for Thursday, one for Friday and one
for Saturday.And then there is your married couples who buy the twelve pack;
one for January, one for February, one for March........."


[19] 
Guy walks into a drug store and buys a box of condoms.
The lady at the counter rings it up and says, "that's one
dollar for the condoms and eight cents tax."  "TACKS," he replies.
" I thought you rolled them on."


[20] 
Pierre, a french fighter pilot, takes his girlfriend, Marie out
for a pleasant little picnic by the river Seine. It's a beautiful day 
and love is in the air so Marie leans over to Pierre and says:
"Pierre, kiss me!".
So our hero grabs a bottle of red wine and splashes it on Marie's lips.
"What are you doing, Pierre?" Shrieks Marie.
"Well, my name is Pierre, the French Fighter Pilot, and when I have red
meat I like to have red wine!"
His answer is good enough for Marie and things begin to heat up. So she
says : "Pierre, kiss me lower."
    Our hero rips off her blouse, grabs a bottle of white wine and 
starts pouring it all over her tits.
"Pierre, what are you doing?"
"My name is Pierre, the French Fighter Pilot, and when I have white meat
I like to have white wine!"
    They resume their passionate interlude and things really steam up.
Marie leans over once more and softly whispers into his ear:
"Pierre, kiss me lower."
    Pierre tears off her underwear, grabs a bottle of Cognac and 
sprinkles it all over her bush. He grabs a match and light it on fire.
Patting the flames out furiously, Marie screams:
"PIERRE, WHAT ARE YOU DOING!!!?"
"My name is Pierre, the French Fighter Pilot, and when I go down, I go down in
Flames!"


[21] 
    A woman could never get her husband to do anything around the house. He would come home from work, sit in front of the tv, eat dinner, and sit some more--would never do those little household repairs that most husbands take care of. This frustrated the woman quite a bit.
    One day the toilet stopped up. When her husband got home, she said sweetly, "Honey, the toilet is clogged. Would you look at it?"
    Her husband snarled, "What do I look like? The tidy-bowl man?" and sat down on the sofa.
    The next day, the garbage disposal wouldn't work. When her husband got home, she said, very nicely, "Honey, the disposal won't work. Would you try to fix it for me?"
    Once again, he growled, "What do I look like? Mr. Plumber?"
    The next day, the washing machine was on the blink. When her husband got home, she steeled her courage and said, "Honey, the washer isn't running. Would you check on it?" 
    And again was met with a snarl, "What do I look like? The Maytag repairman?"
    Finally, she had had enough. The next morning, the woman called three repairmen to fix the toilet, the garbage disposal, and the washer. When her husband got home, she said, "Honey, I had the repairmen out today."
    He frowned, "Well, how much is that going to cost?"
    "Well, honey, they all said I could pay them by baking them a cake or having
sex with them."
    "Well, what kind of cakes did you bake them?" he asked.
She smiled. "What do I look like? Betty Crocker?"


[22]
Jesus is preaching to a mob which is about to stone a whore.  He says to the
group:
    "Let he who is whithout sin cast the first stone."
This ancient looking woman hobbes up and with what seems like her last ounce of strength, picks up a large rock which had been resting by the whore.  She raises the rock over her head and just bashes 
the hell out of the whore.  Jesus turns to the old woman and says:

   "Sometimes you realy piss me off, mom."



[23]
Hymie is new to the country, and goes to see about getting a commission house.  The government guy looks at him and says, "Can I have your name please?", to which Hymie says (strangely enough) "Hymie". "And what is your religion?" "I'M Jewish".  "I'm very sorry, but we can't help you"
Hymie is pissed off.  He visits his friend Isaac and tells him his problem.
I: "Did you tell him you are Jewish"
H: "He asked my religion, of course I told him I'm Jewish"
I: "Dont tell them your Jewish - tell them your Catholic"
So Hymie goes back the next day to try again.
H: "I'd like to get a commission house"
GG: "Certainly.  What is your name sir?"
H: "My name is Hymie"
GG: "And what is your religion?"
H: "I'm a CAtholic"
GG:"With a name like Hymie?"
H: "Yes, my father was Jewish"
GG:"Well, I just have to ask you a few questions.  Can you name our Lord the Saviour?:
H: "that's Jesus Christ"
GG:"And the name of his mother?"
H: "Mary, and his father's name was Joseph"
GG:"And where was Jesus born?"
H: "In a stable in Bethlehem."
GG:"And why was he born in a stable?"
H: "BECAUSE HE WAS JEWISH, AND COULDN'T GET A COMMISSION HOUSE!!!!"


[24]
For a long time, Mary had a fantasy of making love with a black man.
One night, when she was in a bar, she met a handsome black who appeared
to be well-hung, so she figured, what the hell, she'd go for it.  So Mary asked the fellow to come home with her.  When the two got to Mary's apartment, Mary told the black about her fantasy, and asked if he would be a part of it.  Well, the black, of course, agreed, so the two headed for Mary's bedroom.  When they got there, Mary said, "Ok, first, I want you to undress me and tie me to the bed!"  So the black did so.  By this time, Mary was worked into a passionate frenzy.  She looked up at the black and 



said, "Now, big boy, do what you do best!"

So the black picked up her VCR and left.


[25] Q: What's better than a 69?
       A: A 77 because you get ate more...:

[26] Q:  What's 69 * 69?
       A:  Dinner for four.

[27] Q:  What's a 68?
       A:  You suck my dick and I'll owe you one.

[28] Q:  What's the square root of 69?
       A:  eight something.


[29]
This couple is out on their first date at a movie, after they end up back at the guy's apartment.  After no time at all, they are all over each other and eventually end up in his bed fucking.  When the guy is on top, he notices that every time he thrusts into her, he sees her toes curl up, and when he pulls out, the toes straighten up.  He thinks that this is strange, but like most men in that position, he just keeps on doing what he is best at.
    He keeps on fucking her until he explodes inside her.  After, while they are lying together on the bed, he asks her:
    "Why is it that every time I go inside you, your toes curl up?"
She laughs and says,
    "Oh, that's what happens when I leave my pantyhose on!"


[30]
There once was a king who was very good to his people.  The king
loved his poeple so much, he buiilt a glass house to live in rather than
a castle.  That way he could see his people without even going outside! 
Thep people really loved their king and every year they bought him a new
throne to show there appreciation.  The king, not wanting to offend his
people, didn't want to throw out the old thrones each year, so he stowed
them in his attck where his people couls see them.
    Well, one year, the king stowed one to many thrones in his attack. 
The house collapsed and killed the king.
    What's the moral of the story?

POEPLE WHO LIVE IN GLASS HOUSES, SHOULDN'T STOW THRONES!


[31]
    One day, a teacher, during an english class, decides to give the class a letter and they must give her a word starting with this letter.
    "OK, class, give me a word starting with S."
    "Shit!" says a boy in the back.
Embarrased, the teacher still goes on.
Then, the director passes by the classroom, and decides to check the quality of the courses. Panicking, the teacher decides to still ask about a word, excluding any letter that may lead to a curse word by this boy at the back.
    "Class, give me a word starting with the letter r."
    "Rat!" says the boy.
The teacher, happy, turns to the director, smiling.
    The boy adds:  "A big fuckin rat, with a dick this big!"


[32]
The teacher was going through the class, seeing if the 1st graders could say a three sylable word, then use it in a sentence.  She is very reluctant to call on little johnny, because he's always swearing, so she calls on everyone else. 
They say things like "Beautiful.  My teacher is beautiful" and "Talented.  My teacher is talented."  Finally, only Johnny is left.  "Ok Johnny," she sighs,
"what is your word?"  Johnny smiles and says "Urinate!"  The teacher gasps
"What?" 
 "Urinate, but if your tits were bigger, you'd be a ten!"


[33]
The teacher asked Mary "What sound does a cat make?"
Mary said "A cat says meow, meow."

Then the teacher asked Billy "What sound does a cow make?"
Billy said "A cow goes mooo, mooo."

Then the teacher asks Johnny (he is black in this joke),
"What sound does a pig make?"
Johnny says "A pig says FREEZE NIGGER!!"


[34]
So, the Proctologist is at work, seeing his first patient of the day.
He says, "Nurse, give me a light".
And, a few seconds later, she hands him a can of beer.
The Doctor says, "What's that, I wanted a light".
To which the nurse responds, "I thought you said you wanted a light. That's
a Bud Lite".
And, the Doctor says, "No, I wanted a butt light".


[35] Q:  Did you hear about the gay bank robber?
       A:  He tied the safe and blew the tellers.


[36]
Two hill-billies see a dog licking himself.
The first one says "Gee I wish I could do that."
And the other one says "You better try just pettin' him first"


[37] Q: What is the difference between a whore and a bitch?
       A:  A whore will fuck anybody, and a bith will fuck anybody but you


[38] Q: What's the difference between a slut, a whore and a house wife?
       A: A slut does it for anybody, a whore does it for money, and a house 
        wife does it for major appliences.


[39] 
A black guy finds a lamp and (what else?) rubs it.  Out comes the genie and
grants him a wish.  The guy says,
    "I want to be white, out-o-sight, and be surrounded by pussy."
 So the genie turns him into a tampon...


[40]
This guy decides he's going to play a little joke on his wife one day. As she
steps out of the shower, he grabs one of her tits and says "If you firmed these up a bit, you wouldn't have to keep using your bra." He laughs and laughs.  The next morning, he again catches her as she finishes her shower and grabs her ass and says "If you firmed this up a bit, you wouldn't have to keep using your girdle." Again he laughs and laughs, while his wife plots her revenge.  The next morning as _he_ steps out of the shower, his wife grabbed his dick and says, "If you firmed THIS up a bit, I would



n't have to keep using your brother."


[41]
This really tough Hells-Angel type bursts into a bar and strides upto the
middle of the bar. He orders a beer, gulps it down, turns to the people at
the left end of the bar and growls "All you down there... You're all a bunch
of queer cocksuckers!" he gulps down a second beer and turns to the right
side of the bar. "You're all a bunch of stupid motherfuckers."  All is still for a moment untill a guy at the right end gets up. The Hells Angel says "Where the fuck you going?" the guy says "I'm at the wrong end
of the bar."


[42]
This guy had a parrot as a pet.  Now, as all parrots do, this one talks.  But,
it had the habit of, when the guy has a girl over and turns off the lights,
screaming "Somebody's gonna get screwed!  Somebody's gonna get screwed!"  This guy gets incredibly pissed, and decides that he should get a female parrot to keep his quiet.  So, he goes to the pet store.  But the store only has a female Owl.  Good enough, he thinks, and brings this Owl home for the parrot.
   Later on, he brings another girl back, and proceeds to make the move.  The lights go off, and the parrot starts screaming "Somebody's gonna get screwed!  Somebody's gonna get screwed!".  The owl, getting excited, starts screaming "Whoooo!  Whooooo!".  The parrot turns to the owl, and says "Not YOU, you flat-faced bitch!"


[43]
There was an Irish man lying in a ditch, all bloody and beaten up.
When tha policemen finally found him after lying there for a while,
they asked him.
    "Can you describe who did this to you?"
The poor Irish guy answers: "that's what I was doing when he hit me!"


[44]
A pollock goes to Germany because he wants to drive on the Autobahn.  On the radio he hears:  "Motorists on the autobahn be careful, a car is driving on the wrong side of the road."  The pollock says; "ONE!?!"  "There's Hundreds".


[45]
A chinese man marries a black woman and all is well for a time.  And, as such things happen, they eventually are going to have a baby.
The woman's time comes, and as she is taken into the operating room, she
calls he husband over and says to him:
 (W) "Honey, there's something I really have to tell you."
 (H) "Can't this wait" says the husband.
 (W) "No".  "There is as a very old tradition in black
    families that the oldest living male *always* gets to name any new
    children born to anyone in the family.  That means my brother must  name our children.  I know this comes as a shock, but I couldn't tell 
    you earlier, because I didn't want to upset you."
 (H) "But, but..." sputters the husband "I *know* your brother.  There's no
    question but that he'll screw this up!"
 (W) "I'm sorry, but that's the way it has to be."
Time is getting short, and not wanting to upset his wife any further, the
husband finally relents.  The blessed time comes, and to every one's
surprise the mother gives birth to a set of healthy, beautiful twins, a boy
and a girl.  The father is of course delighted, but his happiness is
tempered by the question he knows he must ask his wife.  Finally, he can
put it off no longer.
 (H) "Alrigh, what did your brother name our daughter?"
 (W) "Denise" 
 (H) "Oh". "That's a pretty name.  Perhaps this won't be so bad after all.      What did he name our son?"
 (W) "Denephew"


[46]
This guy and this girl are rampantly having sex.  During a lull in the
passion, the guy asks the girl to turn over.
        "Why?" asks the girl.
    "Because I want to try something different," says the guy.
        "That's perverted!" says the girl.
        "What did you say?" asks the guy.
        "I said that's perverted".
        "I'm sorry, I'm not quite sure I heard properly - what did you say?"
        "I said that's perverted".
        "Shit," says the guy, "that's a big word for a five year-old".


[47]
Making the right compliment in the right situation isn't always easy.  Here are a few suggestions:
- You have the most beautiful eyes.  They shine like the headlights of a 
    1956 Chevy.
- I love your cooking.  It's so good you should become a cook at McDonalds.
- It is such a pleasure to dance with you.  I can hardly feel the weight of 
    your 180 lb. body.
- How well shaped your teeth are.  Please take them out and let me have a 
    look.
- What a beautiful symmetrical face you have.  Who is your plastic 
    surgeon?
- That is a nice ring on your finger.  Is it so well made that one would think 
    it was real?
- I like your dress.  At which second hand store did you buy it?
- What nice little ears you have.  When was the last time you cleaned 
    them?
- You look great today.  How many hours did you have to spend infront of 
    the mirror?


[48]
 Three engineering students were gathered together discussing the possible
designers of the human body.
   One:   "It was a mechanical engineer.  Just look at all the joints."
   Two:   "No, it was an electrical engineer.  The nervous system has
    many thousands of electrical connections."
   Three: "Actually it was a civil engineer.  Who else would run a
    toxic waste pipeline through a recreational area?"


[49] Q. What should you do if you see a herd of elephants coming over the 
    hill.
       A. Start swimming.


[50] Q: Did you know that an elephant's sex organs are in it's feet?
       A: They really are, because if he steps on you you're fucked.







 
*****WARNING*****
    THIS MATERIAL MAY BE OFFENSIVE TO ANYONE OR ANYTHING...READ WITH CARE!
            complete list available through me...:)

[51] Confidence is when your wife catches you in bed with another woman, and you slap her on the ass and say, "You're next!"


[52]
HERE'S TO THE GIRLS THAT WE LOVE THE BEST..
    WE'LL FUCK 'EM IN THE EAST AND WE'LL FUCK 'EM IN THE WEST
    
WE'LL FUCK 'EM IN THE NORTH, WE'LL FUCK 'EM IN THE SOUTH
    WE'LL FUCK 'EM IN THE REAR AND WE'LL FUCK 'EM IN THE MOUTH
    
WE'LL FUCK 'EM HIGH, WE'LL FUCK 'EM LOW,
    WE'LL FUCK 'EM FAST AND WE'LL FUCK 'EM SLOW.
    
WE'LL FUCK 'EM STANDIN', WE'LL FUCK 'EM LYIN',
    AND IF THEY COULD FLY WE'D FUCK 'EM FLYIN.
    
AND WHEN THEY'RE DEAD AND LONG FORGOTTEN....
    WE'LL DIG 'EM UP AND FUCK 'EM ROTTEN.


[53]
A drunk was sitting at a bus stop one afternoon watching a young man walking up to attractive ladies and propositioning them. As the young man comes near the drunk hears the guy say " Tickle your ass with a feather?" to the chick sitting in front of him. When the girl turns to the guy with  an incredulous look on her face and asks "WHAT DID YOU SAY?", the guy says "Typically nasty weather," the woman thinks she misunderstood him and turns back to her newspaper.  After watching the guy do this for a while, 



the drunk motions him over and slurs," Hey buddy, waddya doin'". the young guy says" If you want to pick up chicks, you walk up to them and say 'Tickle your ass with a feather?", and if the chick says yes  then you're in for an exciting evening. But if she says no, then you say "typically nasty weather" and she thinks she just midunderstood what you said and no harm is done." So the drunk thinks this is a great idea and decides to try it out. He spots the most beautiful woman on the bus,walks up to her, an



d says " Wanna Fuck?!" the chick turns around, slaps his face, and says "WHAT?!" to which the drunk replies "Looks like rain!"



[54]
A old Japanese man walks into the Opthamologist (is that right?) office 
for an exam.  "I have bad news for you," the doctor says.  "You have a cataract."
"Oh, no," says the japanses guy, "Rincoln Continental!"


[55] 
This guy finally gets this girl to fuck him, so, as he's disrobing, the girl 
points at his 3-incher and says "And, just who do you expect to satisfy with THAT?"
The guy grins, and says "Me!"


[56]
This guy walks up to a whorehouse, and knocks on the door.  A small panel
opens up, and a woman's voice says "Yeah, waddya want?" 
   "I wanna get fucked," the guy says, "and someone told me this is the 
    place to go." 
   "$50," the voice says, and he hands it through the panel, which then shuts. 
15 minutes later the guy pounds on the door. 
   "Yeah, waddya want?"
    He says "I wanna get fucked!"  The voice says
    "What? Again?"


[57]
This girl went out one night with her boyfriend.  Needing a place to 
fuck, they had to settle on an old graveyard.  Unfortunately for her, 
she spent the time with a fallen headstone stuck in her back.  The next
morning, she woke up with back pains, so went to the doctor.  "You're
fine," he said, "but how old are you anyway?"  "Just 18," she says, "Why?"
"Well," he said, "it says on your ass you died in 1902."


[58] Q: What's white and falls from the sky?
       A: The coming of the Lord.


[59] Q: What's black and falls from the sky?
       A: Holy shit.


[60]
This guy walks into a bar, goes up to the bartender. He hands him a $20 bill and asks for 10 shots of whiskey. The bartender lines up the ten shots, and to his surprise the man shots them all one right agter the other. The bartender asks "What`s the celebration."  The man replies "My first blow job", "Well," say the bartender "how's about one more on the house?"  
"No if 10 shots won't get the taste out of my mouth, nothing will."


[61] Q. Why does it take women longer to come than men?
       A. Who cares!!


[62] Q. Why can't a woman with PMT change a lightbulb
       A. Cuzshebloodyfuckingcan't!


[63]
Every weekend, Billy Bob, who weighed 260 pounds, would get drunk and go looking for trouble.  He would start fights and beat up anyone he disliked.  One night, the owner of a bar he frequented got fed up with this and locked a huge, ugly gorilla in the backroom.  When Billy Bob busted in and threatened everyone, the owner said, "Billy, there's someone in the back room who says he can whip you."  Billy Bob kicked down the door and went in.  For the next five minutes all that could be heard was screaming, p



ounding, rattling and yelling.  Finally, Billy Bob walked out, wiping his forehead and dragging the gorilla behind him.  "Whew!!  Put a black guy in a mink coat, and the bastard thinks he's King Kong!!"


[64]
Miss Smith has just had a baby, but sadly, there were complications and she couldn't see the baby immedeatly, so she was left, all on her own, wordering whether it's a boy or a girl.
    Suddenly, the doctor walks in holding a bundle of clothes.
"Miss Smith, congratulations, you have given birth to baby boy. He weighs 
3lbs 5oz [*]."
Miss Smith responds delightedly:  "A boy - can a hold him?"
"Sure...Here catch."
With that, the doctor throw the baby in the air and kicked it towards
Miss Smith.  The baby landed on the bed, bounced, and flew out of the window. There  was an audible squeltch as it hit the ground.
"You bastard, you've killed my baby."
"April fools!!! The little fucker was already dead!!"


[65] Q: What is grey and comes in quarts?
       A: An elephant


[66] Q: Why did God create men?
       A: Because you can't teach a vibrator to mow the lawn.


[67]
One evening, this guy was walking through the upstairs of his house when he hears his young son saying his Bedtime Prayers: "God bless Mommy, God Bless Daddy, Gob Bless Grandma, God Bless Grandpa, Goodbye Uncle Ed."
"Goodbye Uncle Ed?", thought the guy, "What could the kid have meant by
that?"  Well the next day, they got a phone call; seems old Uncle Ed up and took a heart attack.  Killed him deader than hell. "Hmm... " thought the guy. "How about that."
A few months later, the guy hears his son praying again: "God bless Mommy, God bless Daddy, God bless Grandma, Goodbye Grandpa."  Sure enough, the next day Grandpa was crossing the street when he got hit by a bus.  Never knew what hit him.  "Well," said our hero, "This kid is two for two."
A few weeks later he hears the kid a third time: "God bless Mommy, God bless Grandma, Goodbye Daddy."  They guy is alarmed! "Oh my God! This is it! I'm finished! It is the end of the line! The fat lady has sung! It's all over!"
So he went to bed that night, but didn't sleep too well.  The next morning
he looks out the window and sees the sun coming up on a beautiful day and says "Ah, what the Hell, might as well go out in a blaze of glory."
He hops in his car, tears down the street a 90 miles per hour, running over
a motorcycle cop along the way.  He goes into his office, empties all his
desk drawers on the floor, throws papers everywhere, goes in and cusses out his boss and pinches the secretary on the ass as he walks out the door.
Then he goes down to the local bar, orders a round for the house, and
procedes to get schnockered.
Well, three o'clock in the afternoon rolls around, and he is still there.
At four o'clock he orders another drink and waits.  At five o'clock he
starts to panic.  "What am I going to do?  I'm in trouble with the cops, I
don't have a job, and I've got this $1000 bar tab.  Let's hurry up and get
this over with!"
Finally at six o'clock, he gets in his car and slowly drives home.  He goes
into his house and plops himself down on the couch.  His wife walks in, and
he says "Honey, I had a really bad day."  His wife says "You think you had
a bad day?  I went outside this morning and found the mailman dead on the front porch!"


[68] Q: What's better than roses on a piano
       A: Tulips on my organ.


[69]  A FAIRY TALE

A prince of very high stature was wandering through the lands.  After this
wandering for several days, he was very tired and decided to stop and
rest.  He came upon a castle and went in to ask the king for shelter and
a bed.  Upon  discovering that this traveler was a great prince, the king
offered him the choice of one of his daughters.  One wore no shirt and one
wore no skirts.  Which one did the prince pick?
He picked the king....This is a FAIRY tale!


[70]
Pinocchio complains to Gepetto, "I'm not having any success with the girls.
They all complain about splinters."
Gepetto: "Take some sandpaper and smooth it down, then you'll have no more problems."
A few days later Gepetto asks, "Are you having more success with the girls?"  Pinocchio replies, "Who needs girls?"


[71]
A man walks into the bathroom and starts speaking:  "Son! How many times have I told you not to do that?  Stop it! If you keep doing that, you'll go blind!" 
The son replies:  "I'm over here, Dad."


[72]
This guy was out golfing one day and accidently (he majorly OB'd) hit a golf ball into a patch of buttercups.  So instead of hacking away at the buttercups, he decides to pick up the ball and throw it on to the fairway.  All of sudden, mother nature appears...
(MN): That was very nice of you to not destroy those beautiful buttercups.
   (G): Why thank you.
(MN):  Because you were so kind, I am going to reward you with an infinite 
    supply of butter.
   (G):  You mean to tell me that because I was kind to the buttercups, you 
    are rewarding with and endless amount of butter?
(MN):  That is correct.
   (G):  Where were you yesterday when I hit the ball into the 
    pussywillows!


[73]
So there's this punk and a nun riding on a bus. The nun has the most
beautiful face so the punk gets the idea the he wants to fuck her. The punk
walks up and says 
    "Hey baby how about you and me go fuck" 
The nun is terribly offended and replies 
    "I am saving my body for the Lord". 
So the punk walks away. The next day he gets on the bus and what do you know the nun is sitting in the same seat. So he approaches her again saying 
    "Common babe let me give you a rim job" 
She in once again offended and replies 
    "I am saving my body for Christ". 
So he walks up to the bus driver and asks him if he knew anything about the nun because he wants to fuck her. The bus driver replies 
    "Yeah, she rides this bus everyday and I happen to know for a fact 
    that she prays in the graveyard every night at 11:30. If you show up 
    when she is there and pretend that you are God you might get 
    lucky.". 
So that night he shows up at the gravwyard and sure enough there sits a figure in the distance. He walks up and says 
    "I am the Lord, fuck me now and you shall have everlasting life." 
She replies 
    "OK I'll do it but I'm on the rag so youre going to have to fuck me in 
    the ass." 
So the punk spits on his dickand gets it going. He is pumping back and forth having a great time. He leans over and says 
    "I'm not the Lord I'm that punk from the bus" 
    "Oh yeah, and I'm the bus driver"


[74] Q: What is the definition of jock strap ?
       A: Under the butt nut hut.


[76] Q: What did the horse say when he broke his leg?
       A: "I've fallen! And I can't giddy-up!"


[77]
Three vampires go into a bar. The bartender says "What'll it be, fellas?"
- The first vampire says "I'll have a glass of blood."
- The second vampire says "I'll have a glass of blood, too."
- The third vampire says "I'll just have a glass of plasma."
The bartender says "OK, that'll be two bloods and a blood-lite."


[79] Q: What do you get when you cross a Mexican and a Chinese?
       A: A car thief who can't drive.


[80]
A very religious man has been saving for years and years planning to go to the Vatican to hear the Pope give mass.  He is there in the middle of a huge crowd when the Pope walks down the street.  He watches the Pope come up to a derelict and whisper in his ear and then walk to church.  The man is amazed that someone of such grace and splendor would talk to such a dirty, poor man.
    The second day the same thing happens.  The Pope walks down the street and stops at the same derelict, whispers in his ear and walks to church.  The man is amazed again.  He wants to hear this for himself so he pays the derelict 10 bucks to take his place.
    The next day the Pope came walking down the street and approached the man.  The man became the happiest he's ever been anticipating having a conversation with the Pope.  The Pope leans over to him and says, "I thought I told you to get the fuck outta here!"


[81]
Two rabbits are sitting in a garden eating carrots and one turns to
the other and says, "My, aren't these carrots just yummy?"
The other rabbit replies, "Well, actually this carrot tastes a bit pithy to
me"...and the other rabbit says, "that's probably because I Pithed on it!!"


[82]
This tiger walks into a bar, and goes up to the bartender, and tries
to order a beer.  The bartender says, "Sorry, but we don't serve tigers here."  
    Upon hearing this, the tiger gets pretty frustrated. He says, "You
see that lady over there on the bar stool? If you don't serve me a beer, I'll
just walk over there and eat her."  
    The bartender sneers at the tiger, but ignores him. So the tiger walks over to the lady, and as he said he would do, attacked her and had himself a fresh supper.  The tiger walks back to the bar and says to the bartender, "Now, I'd hate to do the same thing again, so gimme that beer I want!"  
    At this remark, the bartender gets upset and says, "Now listen, We don't serve tigers here, and we ESPECIALLY don't serve drug addicts!"  The tiger looks at him puzzled, and says "but I'm not a drug addict."
    The bartender says to him, "Oh yeah? Well how do you explain what you did over there? That was a barbituate!" (bar bitch you ate, duh)


[83]
A West Virginia couple was in bed on their wedding night, and were about to have sex.  She said, "Be careful, I am a virgin."  Having never been with a virgin before, the young became very nervous.  He decided that he would have to call his father for advice.  After telling his father that his wife was a virgin and asking advice, his father told him, "Well, you better come on home.  If she ain't good enough for her own family, she sure ain't good enough for ours."


[84]
There were three daughters all living with their father.  He was the
kind of person who was very protective, and he didn't like young men. 
One evening, all three of the girls got dates for the same night, and
no matter how much he argued with them, their father couldn't convince
them to stay at home.  Around 6:30 the doorbell rang and the father
went to open it.  He got out his .12 gauge shotgun, flung open the door
and yelled "Waddaya want!"  
    The boy standing on the door was very nervous as he said "Well...
my name is Freddie, and I'm here for Betty.  We're going to eat
spaghetti, so is she ready?"  The father called Betty and they drove
off.  Aroung 6:45 the doorbell rang again.  The father flung open the
door and yelled as he had done before.  "Well... my name is Jo and I'm
hre for Flo.  We're going to the show, so is she ready to go?"  Flo
came running down the stairs and they drove off.  Around 7:00 the
doorbell rang again.  The door was opened and the boy started to talk: 
"Hi, I'm Chuck - "  *BANG* 


[85] Q: What's the definition of a nice old woman?
       A: Someone who takes her teeth out before she goes down on you!


[86]
A truck driver is going down the road and sees a hitchhiker.  He decides
to pick him up.  The hitchhiker is about to get into the cab and starts
looking around, he sees a refrigerator, radios, etc, and a monkey.  The
hitchhiker says, "These new cabs have everything."  The trucker driver
says, "Watch this."  He backhands the monkey.  The monkey goes flying
back, hits the back of the cab, gets up, dusts himself off, and starts
blowing the truck driver.  The truck driver says, "hey, you wanna try it?"
The hirchhiker says, "Sure, but you don't have to hit me as hard."


[87]
This Brit goes to Las Vegas for the 1st time.  He decides to celebrate by 
getting some GREAT U.S. sex.  He asks around for the best whore in town.  
He follows directions, and up the stairs is this most beautiful lady.  He 
asks "How much is a hand job?".  She replies $400.  He thinks that is 
pretty much, but agrees.  She proceeds to give him the best hand job 
ever.  Next night, he returns.  "How much for a blow job?", he asks.  
$2,000, she rsponds.  He agrees and has the absolutely best bj ever.  The 
next night he returns and asks how much for straight sex.  She replies "I 
can't do that".  He says PLEASE???  How much??  She says "No.. I can't do 
that".  He doesn't understand.  He asks "why not?"..  She tells him to 
come to the window.  He does.  She pulls back the curtain and waves her 
hand at the parking lot, and asks "Do you see all those Caddilacs?".. He 
says yes.  She says "All those Caddys are from BJs".  She waves her hand 
at the other side of the parking lot,and asks "Do you see those 
Mercedes?" He says yes.  "Those were from hand jobs", she said.  Then she 
waved her hand at the horizon and asked "Do you see all those big 
hotels?"  He nodded and said yes.  "Well", she said, "If I were a woman 
those would all be mine".


[88] Q: What's a definition of self destruction?
     A: An epileptic leper.



[89] Q: How many mice does it take to screw in a light bulb?
       A: Just two, but they're hard to stuff in there.


[90]
These three guys were checking into a lodge but the clerk says they have to share a bed because the lodge is totally booked except for a double bed, so being really tired they take it.  Next morning the guy on the left says "Man, I had the weirdest dream. I dreamt I was jacking off."
Guy on the right says "You too?"
Guy in the middle says "You people are sick. I had a normal dream. I dreamt I went skiing."


[91]
"This has been a test of the emergency broadcast system.
If this had been an actual emergency
you would have been blown to shit by now."


[92] Q: What do you get when you cross a Black and a Polack?
      A: Someone who spray paints chain-link fences.


[93]
There's this Polack who's treking across the desert. He's got all the supplies, water etc but after a while in the desert he gets an unstoppable urge to boink. He thinks awhile, then makes the camel sit down, and tries desperately to boink it, but the tail keeps coming in the way. 
    Just at that time a gorgeous babe wanders that way, and is dying of thirst. She says: "please sir, give me some water, I'll do anything for you".
    The polack says " Hold this tail up, will you?"


[94]
Ok, Johnnys first grade teacher wants to see if everyone knows the
alphabet so she decides to play the pick a word and use it in a sentance
game.  She starts out by picking little Suzie who says, "apple--I
brought an apple for lunch."
    The teacher is happy, but notices that Johnnys hand is up, but with theletter 'b' she's not about to let him answer.  Too many bad things start
with 'b'. ... time passes ... Finally, she has to pick Johnny or he's
going to explode.  The letter is 'w' and she can't think of much that he
can do with that so she picks him.
    Johnny: "W as in womb."
"Shit!" mutters the teacher, he found something wrong with 'w'.  Ok,
damage control time.  "You mean the places that babies come from?"
    Johnny: "No, womb like two elephants fucking, WOMB! WOMB! WOMB!"


[95] Q: How many Americans does it take to change a lightbulb?
       A:  The whole country.  One to try and change the lightbulb, four
    policemen to beat him up, one to tape it, thirty news exects to
    play it over and over, twelve jurors to acquit the policemen, and
    the whole country to riot.


[96]
Mommy, mommy, Why is daddy running across the lawn?- -Shut up and 
    reload.
Mommy, mommy, I don't want to see grandma again!- -Shut up and keep 
    digging!
Mommy, Mommy, what's incest?- -Shut up and get back in bed.
Mommy, mommy, what's bestiality?- -Shut up and hold the dogs legs.
Mommy, mommy, I hate my sisters guts - - shut up and eat what I serve 
    you.
Mommy, Mommy, Why does Daddy look so pale - - shut up and keep 
    digging
Mommy, Mommy, what's an Oedipus complex - - shut up and kiss me.
Mommy, Mommy, I don't wanna go to Europe!- -Shut up and swim!
Mommy, mommy, can I have a cookie?
-- Sure, honey, take as many as you can from the jar.
-- But, Mommy, I don't have any arms.
-- No arms, no cookies.


[97]
An old man went on the hill were jesus was
nailed to the cross. the old man asks:
    "Have you seen my son, he's got nails in his
    hands and legs?!"
jesus replied: "Father!?!"
the old man replied: "Pinochio!?!"


[98]
A guy gets put in an old folks home by his son.  He doesn't want to
go but his son says he has no choice.  After a couple of hours at the home
he calls his son to tell him he hates it there and wants to leave.  His son
tells him he's not going to get out so he should make the best of it.
     That night he has the best night's sleep of his entire life and he 
wakes up with a raging hard-on.  The beautiful nurse walks in and notices
his erection.  "Well" she says.  "I guess I'll have to take care of that."
And she proceded to give him the best blowjob of his life.
     He calls his son and says tells him what happened, that he had a great
sleep, woke up with a hard-on and had the best blowjobof his life.  "I don't
ever want to leave this place."
     Later that day, he's walking down the hall when he falls down and
lands on his hands and knees.  A male orderly walking buy sees this and
proceeds to fuck him up the ass.
     The guy calls his son and tells him about the incident with the orderly.
He tells his son he wnat to leave the home.
     "Look first you tell me of the best experience of your life and that
you don't want to leave.  Then you tell me of the worst experience of your
life and that you want to leave.  You have to take the good with the bad."
     "No, you don't understand," the guy says. "I get on hard-on once a year, 
but I fall down four times a day."


[99]
Jimmy -      Mrs. Smyth, can Bobby come out and play baseball with us?
Mrs. Smyth - Jimmy, you know Bobby has no arms or legs.
Jimmy -      That's all right, we need him to use for second base.


[100]
This high school kid finally gets a date with the hottest chick in his school,
so he decides to go to the pharmacist to buy condoms.  He builds up his courage and walks up to the counter and says, "Can I have a three-pack of condoms?  I have a really hot date tonight."  The pharmacist nods and puts the box on the counter.  The kid thinks again and says, "You know, better make it two packs, this chick is really hot."  Again the pharmacist nods and puts down another box.  Our hero pays for the  condoms and leaves the store.  
    Now he's so excited about the date that he shows up at the chicks house an hour early.  When his date answers the door she says,
"You know you're kind of early, we're just about to eat dinner.  You're welcome to join us though."  So as there eating dinner, our hero is acting kind of strange.  He keeps looking at the ceiling and reciting prayers.
    After dinner, as their leaving for the date, the hot babe turns to our hero and says, "You know, I had no idea you were so religous."
    "Yeah, well I had no idea that your dad was a pharmacist!"






 
******WARNING******
    THIS MATERIAL MAY BE OFFENSIVE TO ANYONE OR ANYTHING...READ WITH CARE!
            complete list available through me

[101]              
A Kid was  walking to the bathroom, when he saw through the slightly open door, his mother was in there.  She was buck naked and looking into the mirror while rubbing her breasts and moaning "I want a man. I NEED a man!".  The next day, the same thing happens: the kid is about to enter the bathroom and sees his mother rubbing her naked body in front of the mirror "I want a man. I NEED a man"  But the next day, when the kid is on the way to the bathroom, his passes his mother's bedroom, where some guy is hu



mping her while she screams "I got a man, OH  GOD, I got a man!!".  The kid immediately runs to the bathroom, stripping off his clothes on the way, then stands in front of the mirror rubbing his body saying "I want a bicycle.  I NEED a bicycle!"....


[102]
Little Jeremy was blind (aw!).  One evening, his mummy put him on her knee and said, "Jeremy, I have a very special surprise for you.  Tonight, if you pray very hard, when you wake up, you'll be able to see."
    In great excitement, Jeremy stumbled upstairs, threw himself
down next to his bed, and prayed his little heart out.  "Please God, please, please, please give me sight.  I'll be a good boy all the time, and I'll never use my eyes to look at  naughty things or anything." (etc.)
    The next morning, his mother is awakened by howls from Jeremy's
room.  She rushes into him.  "What's wrong, son?"
    "I still can't see!"  he wails.
    "Ha ha!" laughs his mum.  "April fools!"

[103] Q: Why aren't there any black people in the Flintstones?
         A: Because they were apes back then.  Haw haw haw.


[104]
Little Johnny and little Sarah are playing in the sandbox.
Little Johnny says, "I have 10 fingers."
    Little Sarah says, "So, I have 10 fingers."
Little Johnny says, "Well, I have 10 toes."
    Little Sarah says, "So what? I have 10 toes."
Little Johnny whips down his pants and says, "I have one of these!"
    Little Sarah lifts up her dress doesn`t see anything that looks like 
    Johnny`s, and runs home crying.
The next day Johnny and Sarah are playing in the sandbox again.
Little Johnny says, "I have 10 fingers."
    Little Sarah says, "So, I have 10 fingers."
Little Johnny says, "Well, I have 10 toes."
    Little Sarah says, "So what? I have 10 toes."
Little Johnny whips down his pants and says, "I have one of these!"
    Little Sarah lifts up her dress pulls down her underwear and says,
    "So, my mommie says that with one of these I can get all of those
    that I want!"   


[105]
There was this young man, oh about 30 years ago who was trying to get into show business.  He went to a talent scout and begged that he be given a tryout.  The talent scout was having a slow day so said what the hell.  The young man then proceeded to dance, act and sing like the scout had never seen before!  He was very impressed.  After the young man finished he said to him, "You are very talented and should be in show biz!  What's your name son?".  The young man replied, "Penis Van Lesbian".  The talent 



scout's expression turns sour and says, "I'm sorry, with a name like that you'll never be able to succeed in show biz.  But if you were to change your name then it might work out!".  The young man replies, "Sorry.  My name goes way back within my family and I'm not going to change it".  The talent scout says okay and they go their separate ways. Well the young man is at home really bumming that his name is the only thing holding him back from making into show business.  So he decides he'll sacrifice his na



me in order to make it into show business.  He's goes back to the talent scout and tells him he's changed his name.  The talent scout says "Great!  What is your new name?", to which he replied "Dick Van Dyke!!"


[106]       Whites and Blacks

Q: What do you call a white guy standing with a black guy?
A: Liberal.

Q: What do you call a white guy with three black guys?
A: Victim.

Q: One white guy with five black guys?
A: Coach.

Q: One white guy with ten black guys?
A: Quarterback.

Q: One white guy with 100 black guys?
A: Lieutenant.  (sp?)

Q: One white guy with 1000 black guys?
A: Warden.


[107]
A West Virginia man, considering getting a vasectomy, decided to discuss
it with his priest.  The priest gave him various bits of advice, and suggested that he discuss it with his doctor.
    The doctor likewise advised him on various aspects, and on discovering that he hadn't talked to his family about it yet, urged him to do so.
His family voted 14-4 in favor of it.


[108]  What are the 3 worst things about being an egg?
    1.  You only get laid once.
    2.  You only get hard once.
    3.  The only person that sits on your face is your mother.


[109]  Q. Why does the Pope wear underwear in the shower?
          A. He doesn't like to look down on the unemployed.


[110]  Q. What's a sorority girl's favorite sexual position?
          A. Doggie style--you sit up and beg, she rolls over and plays dead.


[111]  Q. Why can't Italian cheerleaders do splits?
          A. Because they stick to the floor.


[112]  Q. How can you tell when a Jewish girl has an orgasm?
          A. She drops her nail file.


[113]  This blonde goes for an interview:

interviewer:  I don't usually hire blondes but let me give you this test.
              First question:  How many days of the week begin with a 'T'?
              Second question: How many seconds are in a year?
              Third question:  How many 'Ds' in Rudolph?
              You can take this home with you, answer it, and bring it back
              next week and we will go over it.

Next week:

interviewer:   Okay, how many days of the week begin with a 'T'?
blonde:        2, today and tomorrow.
interviewer:   How many seconds are in a year?
blonde:        12, Jan. 2, Feb. 2, Mar. 2,.......
interwiewer:   How many 'Ds' in Rudolph?
blonde:        5386, I stayed up late singing it over and over. 
               d-d-dd-d-d-d    dd-d-dd-d-d (sing the song)

[114]  Q:  How do you make a cat sound like a dog?
          A: Cover it with gasoline and light it.   WOOF!


[115]  Q: How do you make a dog sound like a cat?
          A: Throw it in the freezer then run it through a table saw.  
              Meeeeeoooooorrrwwwwww!


[116]  Q: Did you hear about the two gay AIDS victims who decided to open 
        a machine shop?
       A: It's called Suck My Tool & Die.


[117]
An all black dog walks in to a saloon.  The bartender quickly yells "GET THAT DOG OUT OF HERE!  I DON'T SERVE DOGS!"
    The dog calmly protested.  "Look, my money is as good as anyone else's.  I just want a shot of Red Eye.  It has been a long day and I need a drink to relax."
    The bartender infuriated by the dogs lack of respect yells even louder.  "GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE I DON'T SERVE DOGS!"  Pulling out a shot gun the bartender adds "I MEAN IT!  GET OUT!"
    "I just want my shot of Red Eye and I'll be on my way."  said the dog placing the money on the bar to pay for the shot.  KBLOOM!  The bartender fires the shot gun, hitting the dog's foot.  The dog falls to the floor and uses his front legs to pull himself out of the saloon.
    Two months pass.  Everyone at the bar forgets all about the black dog.  Then, as the town clock begins striking noon, the swinging doors of the saloon swing open.  Sun light fills the smoked filled room.  A silhouette steps in to thesun's rays.  As the saloon's patrons' eyes adjust to the light, they see thatblack dog.  He wore a black 10 gallon hat.  Around his neck hung a blackhandkerchief.  In his mouth, a long black cigar burned.  Over his shouldershung a black leather vest.  Around his waist a belt c



arried a six-shooter.  The gun was black.  He had a pair of black leather boots on.  Around one of these boots there was a white little bandage.  The dog broke the quiet.  
    "I'm looking for the man that shot my Pa!"


[118] Q: What would it take to reunite the Beatles?
         A: Three bullets.


[119] Q: Why are there a few extra drops after men pee?
         A: Because the male member can't **SNIFFFF**


[120]
A Briton, a Frenchman, an American, and a Mexican were flying 
across the Atlantic when the pilot announced that they were low 
on fuel.  The four passengers threw everything they could out of the 
plane to lighten the plane.  But, the plane was still too heavy and they 
were not going to make it all the way across unless one of them 
jumped out.  
    They looked at each other for a minute, and then, in 
a display of bravery, the Briton grabbed one of the life rafts, 
said: 'God Save the Queen!" and jumped out. 
    Things were O.K. for a while, but it turned out the 
plane was still to heavy.  The Frenchman grabbed one of the 
liferafts, said: 'Vive la France!', and jumped out.
    The plane was still to heavy (of course).  The two 
remaining passengers looked at each other.  Suddenly, the 
American stood up, said 'Remember the Alamo!', and threw 
the Mexican out.  


[121]
A bunch of kids were trying to figure out what to do on a hot summer day.  One of them gets an idea.  "But, I need some money....how much we got?"  Pooling their money, the kid takes the $5 and runs off to the store, soon returning with a package of Tampons.  "What the fuck good are those?" they ask him.  "Look, it says here that, with these, you can go swimming, ride a horse, play tennis......"


[122] Q: Why are white dicks so short?
         A: They had toys to play with when they were kids!


[123] Q: What did the black guy say as he was falling off his zebra?
         A: "Now you see me, now you don't...now you see me,etc..etc


[124]
A Chinese guy walks into a bar and goes up to the bartender, who is an African-American, and says, "Hey, Nigger, you get me Jigger!"
    The bartender turns and says, "Hey man, you know dat we be both mi-nori-TEES, and dat de MAN is bringing us BOTH down, so whatcha talkin like that for, my man?"
    The Chinese guy says, "I soooooo sowwy.  I tell you what.  You go outside, come back in.  I stand behind bar, make dweeenks.  You come in, insult me WEAL good!"
    The black man agrees that that's fair enough, so he goes outside.  The Chinese gets behind the bar.  After a minute, the black guy comes back in.  "Yo, Chink!    Get me a drink!"
    "I sooooo sowwy.  We no SERVE niggers.  You go home now."


[125] Q: What is the difference between a homosexual and a Fag?
         A: A homosexual has a sexual preference for men.  A fag is a 
        homosexual who annoys you enough that you want to beat the 
        shit out of him.


[126] Q: Why do gorillas have such big noses? 
         A: Cause they have big fingers!


[127]   *ring* *ring*
"thank you for calling the national deaf/mute hotline. Can I help you?....
hello? hellllloooooooo? anyone there? Can you hear me? say something!
    *click*


[128]
A Chinese moves into a town in the deep south, and discovers he is the only Asian in town.  Come Friday night, he has nothing to do, so he sits out on his front porch.  Soon, a pickup truck full of white guys wearing sheets drives by and stops in front of his house.
    "Mr. Chang?"  says one of the guys.
    "Yes?"  says Chang.
    "Good Evenin'.  I'm Bubba Johnson, and these here are my buddies Elmer and    Mah-lo.  We're from th' local chapter of th' 
K-K-K.  The boys and Ah, we we're fixin' on goin' down to th' local bowlin' lanes, to beat th' shit out of some niggers.  Seein' as you're new 'round these parts, We were all wonderin' if you would like t' join us."
    "Ooooh.  That sounds wike FUN!"  So Mr. Chang hops in the back of the pickup, and they proceed to the bowling alley.  Sure enough, there are plenty of blacks in there, and a brawl is started in no time.  During the middle of the melee, one of the Klansmen notices Chang sitting in the corner, pounding on a bowling ball.  
    "Hey, Chang!  What th' HELL do ya think you're DOIN???""
    "Ooooh.  You get wive ones!  I get eggs!"


[129]
It's late on a Saturday night and a mother sits up waiting for her 16-year-old son who is still out two hours past his curfew.  Finally, the front door opens and the son walks in.  The mother gets up, rushes to the door and begins yelling at the son.  "Where have you been?  You are two hours late! Tell me this instant!"  To her surprise, the son comes right out and says, "Mom, tonight I lost my virginity."  The mother is so taken back by her son's statement that she orders him to go to bed and says that sh



e will have his father speak to him in the morning.
    The next morning the father enters the son's bedroom.  Deep down he is secretly proud that his son has become a man by losing his virginity.  However, to make his wife happy he has to put on an authoritative father show.  He approaches his son who is slowly waking up and says "Well son last night you made your mother very angry.  I sure hope you have learned something from all of this."  To which the son replies.  "Damn right I have, next time I'm using vaseline, my ass is killing me!"


[130] A sex therapist asked one his female patient: "Do you smoke after 
    sex?"
    She replied: "I dont know, I never looked"


[131] Q: On a desert island you have:
    1 woman
    2 condoms
    3 men
    How do all the men fuck the woman without anyone 
        sharing any bodily fluids?
        A: 1st man puts on two rubbers and fucks her.
             2nd man takes the top rubber, puts it on and fucks her
             3rd man takes 1st man's rubber, turns it inside out, 
               puts it in the 2nd man's rubber and puts it on and
               fucks her.


[132] Scene: Court room.  Mickey and Minnie Mouse getting a divorce.
         Judge: Mickey you just can't get a divorce because you
                    say Minnie is crazy .
        Mickey: I didn't say Minnie was crazy your honor I said
                     she was fucking Goofy.


[133]
Lady Di and Cindy Crawford both die on the same day and go to 
Heaven.  St. Peter greets them at the gate to Heaven and tells 
them there is only one room left and only one of you can get in.
So they have a contest and the one who does the best show gets in.
Cindy Crawford removes her top and exposes her bare chest to St.
Peter.  He smiles.  Lady Di then gets her turn and removes her dress, 
grabs the vinegar and water douche and cleans herself out.  St. Peter
lets Lady Di in to Heaven.  Well Cindy Crawford gets mad and asks, 
'I got naked for you and she douched and your letting her in???'.
St. Peter replies, 'Honey, you know a royal flush beats a pair'.


[134]
This guy working at the NAACP picks up the telephone one day. "Hello,
NAACP office."
   "Say, boy, let me talk to the head nigger."
   "Excuse me, sir, this is the NAACP.  We don't use that kind of language 
here."
   "I don't give a goddamn!  Just let me talk to the head nigger."
   "Sir, we don't use the "N" word here."
   "Lissen up, boy.  My names John Rhodes, and I'm from Dallas, and I'm
worth billions, and I got a million dollar contribution for you, so let me
talk to the head nigger!"
   "Yassa suh, I tink I see's dat ole' jigaboo walkin up right hea now!"


[135]  Q: How do you stop 5 black men from raping a white woman?
          A: Throw 'em a basketball.


[136]
There was an accident on the construction site one day.  A man fell from 
the 40th story.  Needless to say, he was a mess.  "Hey," the foreman said, 
"anyone know this guys full name?  What about any unique scars, tatoos, etc?"
"Yeah" this polish guy says "He had two rectums."  
"How'd you know?" the foreman asks.  
"Well, he, my buddy and me went to this bar every day after work for a beer and the bartender kept saying 'Shit, here comes that nigger with the two assholes'".


[137]   
This guy goes on vacation, but needs someone to watch his sick mother
and her cats.  His friend says "No problem".  Anyway, a couple of weeks later he calls to check up on the situation.
   "So, how's the cats?"
   "They're all dead."
   "Jeez, let's have some tact here!  Don't just tell me they're dead. 
Give it to me slow, like 'Oh, they got out, and climbed on top of the house,
and wouldn't come down, so the staved to death."
   "Ok, ok.  Sorry."
   "That's ok.  Anyway, how's mom?"
   "Oh, um, she, ah, climbed up on the roof...."


[138]
A rich man and a poor man were in a pub shortly before Christmas.
The poor man asked the rich man what he had bought his wife as a 
present.
    "Well," said the rich man, "I've got her a mink coat and
a Jaguar motor car, so if she doesn't like the mink, she's always
got the Jag ... what have you bought for your wife?"
    "I've bought her a bottle of perfume and a vibrator," replied
the poor man, "so if she doesn't like the perfume, she can go and
fuck herself."


[139]
So there is this rich woman who lives in a large mansion. 
One day she comes upon the butler and says "butler take off my blouse" 
next she says "butler take off my pants" he does so. 
Then she says "take off my bra" Then she says "butler take off my panties".

"And if I ever find you wearing my clothes again your fired"


[140]
A man meets this woman who is incredibly attractive and has very
large hooters.  The man himself is attractive as well.  Well they
start dating, fall in love and decide to get married.  But before 
the marriage the girl admits to her man that she doesn't really 
have big hooters but is flat as a board.  The man says that's okay
and admits to her that he is hung like a baby.  Well wedding day
comes and they are in the hotel that evening.  They had waited 
until their wedding day to do the nasty so it was the first time
they had seen each other in the buff.  The girl steps out of the
shower to be seen by her new husband, to which he replies, "wow,
you were right.  You're flat as a board".  The husband then dis-
robes to which the wife says, "wow, you said you were hung like 
a baby but your really not!!".  "That's right dear, I am hung
like a baby, 7 pounds 6 ounces and 20 inches long"!


[141]
The scene: A TWA plane
The air hostess bustles up to the lecherous-looking 50 yr old passenger.
    "Excuse me, sir.  Would you like some of our TWA coffee?"
    "No, but I wouldn't mind some of your TWA tea." (TWAT)


[142]
Superman & Batman meet on the stree one day...Batman notes that the man of steel's cape is torn, his hair is messed up, and he has the shakes.. 

Batman asks "Superman...What happened to you?"
Superman replies "I was flying over the city a few
    minutes ago and I looked down to see Wonder Woman
    suntanning on the roof of a building, nude and
    spread eagled...so i whiped it out and flew right
    between her legs.."
"Was she surprised ?" Batman asked
Shaking still, Superman said "Not half as surprised
    as the Invisible Man..."


[143]
A man goes to doctor and says:'Doctor, I have a problem. When I drink
tea, my eye aches(sp?) and when I stop, it stops too. Can you help me?'
Doctor says:'Take the spoon out of the cup!'


[144]
A woman goes into a restaurant in a small town out in the country.  
She orders the chicken and starts to eat.  Eating too fast she starts
to choke on a chicken bone.  Well these two country boys in the next
booth notice she is choking so they get up and go over to help her.
The first country boy drops his coveralls and bends over and the
second country boy starts licking his butt.  The woman watches these
two go at it and is grossed out.  She pukes all over the place dislodging
the chicken bone from her throat.  The country boy pulls his overalls
back up and says to the other, "Your right Leroy, that hind-lick maneuver
works like a charm".


[145]
Three young women are trying out for cheerleader, and they have to have
a physical.  So they go to the doctor and the first one goes in to the exam
room.  The doctor says, "I need to listen to your heart, could you please
remove your top."  The girl complies, and the doctor is amazed to see a
large "P" on her chest.  "What's with the 'P'," he asks.  "Well, you see,
my boyfriend goes to Penn State, and when we make love, he wears his letter-man sweater, and it hits on my chest and leaves a mark," she explains.
   When the next girl comes in, she removes her top and the doctor discovers a letter 'S' on her chest. "Do you know there's an 'S' on your chest," he inquires.  "Yeah, that's my boyfriend. He goes to Syracuse. When we have sex he wears his letterman sweater, and boy, sometimes it hits pretty hard and leaves a mark."  The doctor says he understands and sends her out.
   The third girl comes in, and when she removes her top, she has a 'W'
emblazoned on her chest.  The doctors says,"Wait. I know, your boyfriend
goes to West Virginia, right?"  The girl replies,"Well, I don't have a boy-
friend, but my girlfriend goes to Michigan."
[146]
A white man goes into a pub toilet and starts sprinkling the pan with his
2.3 inches of dick.  A black man comes in and unravels his 14 inches and starts hosing down the pan next to the white man.
White man: "You've got a great dick, how can I get a dick like yours?"
Black man: "Easy man, just tie 20 feet of string to your dick, tie a brick
            to the other end, go down to the bridge over the river and throw 
            the brick off the bridge. Do that every day for two weeks and 
            you'll have a dick like mine"
So every day, the white man goes to the bridge over the river, ties the 
string to his dick and throws the brick off the bridge. It hurts like 
buggery, but he perseveres as he really wants a big dick.  A week later he meets the same black man in the pub.
BM: "Hi man, how's your dick?
WM: "Well, I'm half-way there."
BM: "What do you mean you`re half way there?"
WM: "Well it's black now."


[147]
These newlyweds waited until after they were married,
and this time the groom was pretty nervous, and had asked his dad for
advice.  The father, who was a swell guy, gave his son a pep talk, and
offered to wait in the bushes outside the hotel room window on the
wedding night.  This way, if the groom got stuck (so to speak) he
could ask a question out the window and get an answer.  Well, while
the groom is in the bathroom getting out of his tux, the bride
*really* has to take a shit.  She can't wait any longer, so she pulls
an empty shoebox out of the closet and shits in it, figuring she can
throw it away later.  Finally, the groom comes out of the bathroom,
goes to put his rented shoes away, and yells "Hey, there's shit in
this box!"  Then from outside the window the father responds  "You've
got the wrong end son, turn her over!"


[148]
    A major was inspecting an army barracks in the Middle East and was appalled at the conditions.  The entire barracks was covered with camel dung.  After chewing out the Colonel he demanded an eplanation.  The Colonel explained that it was a long way to town and that the men get REAL LONELY and so the camel was used to relieve their sexual frustrations.  Upon hearing this the Major decides to have a go with the camel.  When he finishes he asks the Colonel,  "Well, how did I do?  Did I perform better than yo



ur men?"  
    To which the Colonel replied, "Well Major, I must say you were quite different from my men.  They usually RIDE THE CAMEL INTO TOWN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


[149]
    Bill Clinton was out doing his usual morning run.  He was running by the white house and saw that someone had pissed a message in the snow.  It said "Bill Clinton is a piece of shit".  Clinton was upset.  He told the FBI to get on the case and find out who did this.  A few hours later, an FBI offical went to the white house to tell clinton who did this.  
    "Mr. President, I have some good news and some bad news for you."  
    "Did you find out who pissed in the snow."  
    "Yes.  The test we took on the urine sample proved that Jesse Jackson pissed on the snow." 
    "So what's the bad news?" Clinton asked.
    The FBI man replied "It was Hilary's handwriting."


[150]
Four sergeons were taking a coffe break and were discussing their work.
    The first said, "I think accountants are the easiest to opperate on. You
open them up and everything inside is numbered."
    The second said, "I think librarians are the easiest to operate on. You
open them up and everything inside is in alphabetical order."
    The third said, "I like to operate on electricians. You
open them up and everything inside is color-coded.
    The fourth one said, "I like to operate on lawyers. They're heartless
spineless, gutless, and their heads and their ass are interchangable."






 
******WARNING******
    THIS MATERIAL MAY BE OFFENSIVE TO ANYONE OR ANYTHING...READ WITH CARE!
            complete list available through me...:)

[151]  Q: A ship goes down in the ocean.  The sharks eat all the people, 
        except the lawyers.  Why?
         A: Professional curtessy.


[152]  Q: Why do kids make snowmen and not snowwomen?
          A: Beacuse it takes to long to hollow out the head.



[153]  Definition of concieted:
Three men pissing into a river.
    1st says: "Boy this water is cold."
    2nd says: "Yah, and deep."
    3rd says: "and there's all sorts of stuff on the bottom."


[154]
This guy was walking down the street and this hooker calls out to him.
"hey, wanna have a good time?"
The guy looks kinda nervous and says, "Weellll, my ma, she tells me that
women have, you know, teeth down there."
The hooker calls him into an alley and lifts up her dress.  "See, no teeth."
And the guy says, "Well of course not!  Just look at those gums."


[155]
This guy was walking down the street and this hooker says, "Say, wanna have a good time?"  "Sure", he says and they were off to the nearest motel.
She takes off her clothes and he keeps stareing at her.  She says, "This is
the first pussy you seen since you crawled out of one?"  The guy says: "Nope, just the first one I've seen big enough to crawl back into."


[156]
This guy wanted to find the most innocent girl in the world to marry. So 
everytime he thinks he found one he whips out Mr. Bozak and asks, "What is this?"  They usually say,"It's a dick" or "It's a cock".   Well not
innocent enough for him.  He finally finds one that tells him "It's a 
pee-pee!"  So he marries her and life is good.  One day he was telling his
friends about her innocence and he decides to show them.  So his friend
whips it out and she says, "It's a cock."  "Hey, he says, taking it out.
"I thought you said it's a pee-pee." She says, "Well that's a pee-pee, but
that one's a cock!"


[157]
A japanese, who couldn't speak english, went to a bank in London to exchange some Yen into Pounds.  The next day he went to the same bank to exchange the amount of Yen.  However, the Yen justed dropped and he got less money this time.  The jap thought he had been cheated and asked the english guy, "Why?".  The english guy said, "Flucuation."  The jap was furious when he heared this and shouted, "Fuck me asian?, fuck you european!"


[158]  Q: What side of the rabbit has the most fur?
          A: The outside.


[159] Q: What has a thousand balls and fucks rabbits?
         A: A shotgun.


[160]
A bear and a rabbit were sitting ona log taking a shit.  The bear asks, "Do
you have problem with shit sticking to your fur?"  The rabbit says, "No, not
at all."  So the bear grabs the rabbit and whipes his ass with it.


[161] Q: Why doesn't santa have any children?
         A: He only comes once a year, and that's down a chimney.


[162]
    Two friends were walking downtown when the one who stuttered said, "Ma-ma-man, loo-loo-look at that g-g-girl with them p-p-pretty legs."
    "Where?", his friend yelled.
    "Sh-sh-she's gone now," replied the stutterer.  After a while he started up again.  "Ma-ma-man, l-l-look at that wo-wo-woman with the sh-sh-short dress."
    "Where?" his friend shouted.
    "Sh-sh-she's gone now," he answered.  A while later he started talking again.  "Ma-ma-man, lo-lo-look...."
    "I see it!  I see it!" his friend exclaimed.
    "Th-th-then why d-d-did you s-st-step in it?"


[163]
These three cowboys were sitting around the fire arguing about who was the most mocho among them.  
    Cowboy 1 says: "Every morning I wake up at 5 am, ride into town, drink 2 bottles of tequila, fuck 5 whores and I'm back before you guys wake up."  
    Cowboy 2 says: "I wake up at 4 am, ride into town, drink 4 bottles of tequila, fuck 10 whores and then I'm back before you even get up." 
    The third cowboy doesn't say anything, he just sits there poking the fire...with his dick!


[164]
A young marine returns after his first parachute jump to his father who is a retired colonel.  The colonel says:
"Well, son, how did it go?"
"Dad, I was tye last one... everyone already went, but I just couldn't get the
    nerve up..."
"Well, did you jump?"
"I looked out the door and saw the ground passing by... it was really scary."
"Well, did you jump?"
"Well, like I said, I was really scared, but then my sargeant whipped out 
    his dick and said that if I didn't jump he was going to fuck me up the 
    ass..."
"Well, did you jump?"
"Alittle at first..."


[165]
Three black women were sitting around talking about having sex, when one of them same up with the idea to call their favorite man after a soft drink.
The first says: "My man, he Mt. Dew, cause he built like a mountain and
    he sure knows what to do."
The second says: "My man, he 7 UP, cause he can get it up 7 times."
The third says: "My man, he Jim Beam!"
The others say, "That's not a soft drink, that's a hard liquor!"
She says: "He sure is!"


[166] Q: What is the similarity between a woman and a computer? 
         A: You don't really appreciate either one until they go down on you.



[167]
A guy walks into a bar, walks up to the best looking woman there, sits down next to her and says in his studliest....
    "I bet you and I are here for the same thing."
The woman says: "Yeah, let's get some pussy and get the hell outta here."


[168]
A midget walks into a bar, walks up to the best looking woman there, sits down next to her and says "What would you say to a friendly little fuck?"
The woman replies: "Hello, friendly little fuck."


[169] Q: What is the best thing to come out of a penis?
         A: The wrinkles.


[170]
The Lone Ranger and Tonto were sitting in a bar when a cowboy walks in and announces, "Who owns the white horse?"  "I do"  says the Lone Ranger.  "Well, it looks likes it's really overheated. It's foaming at the mouth."  So the Lone Ranger says, "Tonto, go outside and run around Silver as fast as you can to cool him off."  A little while later, another cowboy walks in and announces "Who owns the white horse?"  "I do" answers the Lone Ranger.  The cowboys says "You left your injun running. 


[171] Q: Did you hear about the blonde that was in a mall when the power 
        went out?
        A: She was stuck on the escalator for three hours.


[172] Q: What's the difference between a lawyer and a hooker?
         A: A hooker will stop fucking you when you're dead.


[173]
There were two gay guys walking down the street when all of the sudden, in a mad passionate frenzy, they take off all of their clothes and one of them gets on top of the other and startes rammin' it up the guy's poop shoot.  God, seeing this foul display of lust, gets angry and decides to teach them a lesson.  So he sends down a bolt of lightning, striking them both in the back and killing  them instantly.
Q: Who gets to hell first?
A: The guy on the bottom, cause he already has his shit packed.


[174]
A West Virginian goes to Pitt one saturday for a football game.  As he was
walking across the campus he saw a bunch of Panthers sitting on a bench, so he walked over to them and said, "Can y'all tell me where the stadium'a at?" This one snotty looking panther looks up at him and says "At the University of Pittsburgh we don't end our sentences with prepositions."  The west virginian says: "Awright, can y'all tell me where the stadium's at ASSHOLE!"


[175]
An indian boy goes up to the chief, oneday, to ask him a question.  He asks him how he chooses the names for the new babies.
"Well, when the baby is born, I look outside and the first natural thing I see, I use for the baby."  He adds: "That is why your sister is called "Delicate Snowflake" and your brother is called "Fire in the Sky".
"Is there anything else you want to know "Two dogs fucking"?


[176]
An indian is lying flat on his stomach on the street with his ear held to the 
road.  A man walks by and hears him muttering:
    "1972 Ford Mustang, Red with white trim, two passengers"
The guy is really impressed and calls out, "Hey man, this is incredible.
You can tell all of that just by the vibrations on the road."
The indian replies: "No asshole, that's the car that hit me and drove off."


[177]
A guy walks into a painter's studio and says, "I want a picture of Custar's
Last Stand.  The painter says, "No problem.  Come back in two weeks."  Two
weeks later the guy comes back and the painter gets the picture.  The painting is filled with indians having sex and fish with halos.  The guy says, "What's this?  I ordered Custard's Last Stand."  The painter says, "This is exactly what Custard saw.  Holy Marceral, Fucking Indians!"


[178]
A man walks into a bar with an alligator.  The bartender says, "Hey, you can't bring that thing in here."  
    The man says, "Oh, but he's completely harmless."  
    The bartender says, "OK, if you can prove it to not just me, but the whole bar that that alligator is harmless, then he can stay."
    The man calls to everyone in the bar and says, "I will now prove that 
this alligator is completely harmless."  He bangs on the alligator's head three times and says, "Open your mouth."  The alligator obeys.  The man unzips his pants, pulls out his dick, sticks it in the alligator's mouth, bangs on his head three times and says, "Close your mouth."  Everyone watches in horror as the alligator closes it's mouth to within centimeters of the man's privates.  The man bangs on the alligators head three times and says, "Open your mouth."  The alligator does and the man puts his pri



vates back in his pants.  The bartender is impressed, so the man looks around and says, "Anyone else wanna try that?"
    A woman in the back of the room says, "I will, but you have to promise not to bang on my head."  


[179]
This guy was driving down the road and he sees a man hitchhiking.  He decides to pick him up.  They are driving down the road when the driver notices that the hitchhiker keeps looking in a bag on his lap.  The driver asks: "Hey buddy, whatcha got in the bag?"  The hitchhiker says: "None of your fucking business."  The guy drops it and keeps driving.  A few miles later the driver notices him looking in the bad again and decides to ask again.  "Hey budy, what do you have in the bag?"  The hitchhiker sa
one of your fucking business."  The guy decides to drop it again.  A few miles later the driver notices him looking in the bag again.  The driver says: "If you don't tell me what's in the fucking bag, I'm going to throw you out."  The hitchhiker says: "None of your fucking business."  The driver locks up the brakes, opens the door, throws the hitchhiker out and slams on the gas.  He gets all the way home and as he's getting out of his car he notices the bag sitting on the floor.  He reaches over, ope
 bag and looks in it.

*(Stop right there.  Don't say anything else.  Wait for the question.)*
        *(So, what's in the bag!?!)*

NONE OF YOUR FUCKING BUSINESS!


[180]
A woman looks out of her window and sees something strange.  She sees a little boy sitting on the curb.  The strange thing is that he would eat some M&Ms, lick a cat and slide down the curb a little bit.  The woman is puzzled and decides to go outside and ask him what hes doing.
    The boy says, "Im practicing to be a truck driver."
    "Truck driver?", replies the woman.
    "Ya", says the boy.  "Im poppin pills, eatin pussy and movin on down the road."


[181]
This big, burly cowboy comes walking into a bar and announces to the whole bar: "I'm so thirsty I could lick the sweat off a big bull's balls."
This little fellow in the back of the bar stands up and say: "Moo Moo Buckaroo."


[182]
One day, the Tomato family decided to go for a walk.  
There was a Momma tomato, a Daddy tomato, and a little baby tomato.
The daddy tomato looked back, and noticed the baby tomato was
lagging behind a little.  So the daddy tomato walked up to the baby
tomato, stepped on him and squished him.. Then he said:
Catch up!!



[183] Q:  What do you call a black smurf?
         A:  a smigger.


[184] Q:  How do you make four old ladies say "FUCK!"?
         A:  Get a fifth one to yell "BINGO!"


[185]
This teacher tells her class one monday "I'm going to ask a question
every monday morning. anyone who answers correctly can take the rest of the
week off." The class is excited at this, and eagerly awaits the first chance
at a week vacation. The first question was, "How many grains of sand are there
on Waikiki beach, in Hawaii?" Of course, no one even guesses. The next week
the question is, "Exactly how many craters are there on the moon's dark side?"
Again, no answers. This continues for months, with no week breaks for anyone.
Finally, one kid gets fed up and buys two marbles, and paints them black. He
takes them to class monday and awaits the question. Just as the teacher opens 
her mouth, he rolls the marbles at her feet. She says, "Okay, who's the comedian
with the two black balls?" The kid jumps up and says, "Eddie Murphy. See ya
next week."


[186]
An english man, a french man and an american we all captured by indians.  The chief said, "You all get one wish before we kill you and make canoes out of your skins."

English man: "I would like some tea."  So the chief brings him some tea 
              and then kills him.
French man: "I would like some wine."  So the chief brings him some wine
              and then kills him.
American: "I would like a fork."  the chief says:"A fork?  Why?"  I`d just like a 
              fork."  Says the American.  So the chief brings him a fork.  The
              american takes the fork and starts stabbing himself saying "Fuck your 
              canoe!  Fuck your canoe!"


[187]
Two nuns are walking threw the park.  These two punks jump out and begin to rape them.
    The one nun says:" Forgive him lord, for he knows not what he does."
    The second nuns looks over and says:"Mine does."


[188] Q:  What do you call a dog with short legs and steel balls?
         A:  Sparky


[189] Q:  Why did the polock steel a police car?
         A:  He thought it was a Porche.


[190] Q:  What do you call Mike Tyson with no arms and no legs?
         A:  Nigger Nigger Nigger.


[191]
This women went to the gynacologyst.  She was undressed and sitting on the table.
The doctor comes in and says: "Wow are you huge!"  "Really?" she says.  The doctor replies: "No, No, it's OK. Don't worry about it."  Later she goes home and was thinking about what the doctor said.  So, she gets a mirror out, puts it on the floor and is looking to see how big she really is.  She was standing over the mirror when her husband came home.  "Honey, what are you doing?" asked the husband.  She says:"Oh, Um, I'm just dancing."  "Ok", he says, "just watch out for the hole in the floor."


[192] Q:  What is poetic justice?
         A:  J. Dahlmer and M. Tyson--CELLMATES!


[193] Q.  Why did Iraqi pilots fly to Iran?
         A.  'Cause the is no country named Iquit.


[194]
    Three guys walk into a bar: a cowboy, an indian and a black person.
All three order drinks. 
    The indian says, "Once we were many... now we are few." 
    To this the black person responds,  "Well once we were few and now there's lots of us."
    The cowboy says, "Yeah, but we ain't played cowboys and niggers yet."


[195] Q:  What is the definition of indefinitely?
         A:  Well, when your balls are slapping against the back of her ass,
        I'd say you're in definitely.


[196] Q:  How do you say Rodney King in Spanish?
         A:  Pinata.


[197] Q:  What is the similarity between a girl and an aeroplane?
         A: Both have a cockpit.


[198] Q:  What is the similarity between womens breasts and toy trains?
         A: Both are made for the children, but it is mostly daddy who is playing
    with them.


[199]
A Polack went before the magistrate and claimed that his wife was trying to
kill him.  When pressed for some evidence of this very serious claim, he
exclaimed, "Look!  I found this bottle in her closet!"  The magistrate asks to
have a closer look.  "Right there, do you see it?  It says Polish remover!"


[200]
This man rushes into a drug store and exclaims:  "Hurry, you got to help me, my wife 
    just ran into a swarm of bees"
The druggist replies:  "What do you need, a cream, a pain killer?"
The man says; "Don't be ridiculous, I need some color film for my camera"





 
******WARNING*******
    THIS MATERIAL MAY BE OFFENSIVE TO ANYONE OR ANYTHING...READ WITH CARE!
            complete list available through me...:)

[201] Q:  Why do politicians always look constipated?  
         A:  It's because they're full of shit?


[202]
     A guy walked into a bar and bet the bartender $100 that he could bite his
eyeball.  The bartender said no fucking way, all take that bet.  So the
guy proceeded to take out his glass eye, chewed on it, then he returned it
to his eye socket.  The bartender said  "Ok, you got me on that one", and
gave the man a $100.  The guy told the bartender he was a good sport and
bought him a drink.
     A week later the same guy came back to the bar and bet the bartender
$100 that he could bite his other eyeball.  The bartender said no fucking
way that you can have 2 glass eyes so he agreed to the bet.  The man proceeded
to take out his false teeth and "bit" his other eye with them.  The bartender
could not believe that he had been fooled again, and he paid the man $100.
The guy laughed and offered the bartender a drink.
     A week later the same guy came back to the bar again, and bet the
bartender $200 that he could stand at one end of the bar and piss in a shot
glass at the opposite side of the bar 30 feet away.  The bartender said you
are really crazy, there is no possible way you can do that.  So the man
stood up on the bar and pissed all over it and everyone, missing the shot glass
by 25 feet.  He said oh well and gave the bartender $200.  The bartender
laughed and offered the man a drink.  While they were drinking the man began
to laugh.  The bartender asked what was so funny.  The man said "see that guy
outside?  I bet him $1000 that I could piss all over your bar and you would
buy me a drink."


[203] Q:  What's the difference between a cunt and a pussy?
         A:  A pussy is soft and moist, a cunt is what owns it 


[204]
     TOM:   - Hi Jerry, what's new with you buddy?
     JERRY: - Well, I have a good and a bad news.
     TOM:   - Ok, tell me the good one first.
     JERRY: - The good news is that last night I
              had the best sexual experience of
              my life. My erection was long and
              hard and the orgasm was so strong
              that I thought that I was going to
              die, I'm telling you, it was
              incredible.
     TOM:   - Wow! What is the bad news?
     JERRY: - The bad news is that I was alone...


[205]
There was this very puzzled young polar bear in Alaska. He goes up to his mom.
Junior- Mom Mom..!!
Mum   - Yes son?
Junior- Are you sure im a polar bear mom?
Mum   - Y yes of course son.
Junior- Are you sure im not a brown bear...or a grizzly bear, or a koala bear, or 
    maybe even a panda bear.???
Mum   - No son your a polar bear my boy.
Junior- Oh ok..

Junior still puzzled approaches his father.

Junior- Dad are you sure im a polar bear dad???
Dad   - Yes your a ploar bear son.
Junior- Are you sure im not a brown bear...or a grizzly bear, or a koala bear, or 
    maybe even a panda bear.???
Dad   - No son your a polar bear.. Why do you ask ???
Junior- COS IM FUCKIN FREZZING MY ASS OFF!!


[206] Q:  What do you get when an epileptic falls into a lettuce patch?
         A:  Seizure salad


[207] Q:  Why can't Frankenstein get laid???
         A:  Cos his nuts are in his neck!


[208] Q:  Why did cave men drag their women around by the hair?
         A:  'Cause if you drag them around by the feet they fill up with dirt...


[209]
Guy comes up to me in a bar...long, hang dog expression.
"What's wrong?" I ask him.
He replies, "I lent $4000.00 to a guy for plastic surgery and now I don't know what the 
    hell he looks like."


[210] Q:  what are the three lies of Montana?
    1: this is my land
    2: those are my cattle
    3: i was just pushing that sheep across the field
Montana, where the men are men and the sheep are scared


[211] Q:  How do you get a one-armed man out of a tree?
         A:  Shoot the fucker in the head!


[212] Q:  Why are women so stupid?
         A:  They don't have a dick to keep a brain in.


[213] Q:  Why did god give men penises?
         A:  So we'd always have at least one way to shut a woman up!


[214]
Two poets died and stood before the gates of heaven.  St. Peter informs
them that there is only room for one poet in heaven.  He tells them to 
write a poem about Timbuktu and whoever writes the best poem shall
enter heaven.  After a few minutes the first poet returns with:
    I've travelled over this whole wide land,
    I've walked across the burning sand,
    A caravan came into view,
    Destination: 'TIMBUKTU'
St. Peter marvels at the first poet's work but says "In all fairness 
to the second poet we must hear his poem".  After a few minutes the 
second poet returns with:
    Tim and I travelled when,
    We saw three maidens in a den,
    They were three, we were two,
    I bucked one, 'TIMBUKTU' 


[215]
A guy walks into a bar and orders a beer. Looking around he notices a few
blacks around. Then he asks the bartender: "Do you serve niggers here?"
The bartender replies, insulted: "Of course!" The guy replies: "Great, put
one on my tab and feed it to the dog outside!"


[216]
One day a man was sunbathing on a nude beach when he noticed a little girl star
ing down at him,so he put a newspaper over his private parts.
    The girl asked, "What was that?
    He said,  "That was my bird and I keep it under there so it won't fly away.
Soon the man fell asleep and woke up in the emergency room in a hospital.
    "What happened ?"he asked.
The little girl stepped in and said,"While you were sleeping I wanted to play with your bird, but it spit at me.  So I broke its neck,crushed its eggs,and set most of its nest on fire."


[217] Q:  How many animals can you find in a pair of pantyhose?
         A:  Two calves;ten little piggies;one ass;one pussy;one thousand hares;maybe 
    some crabs;and a dead fish nobody can find.


[218]
A nun walked into the corner liquor store and asked the proprietor for a fifth of whiskey.
    "Sister, now how would it look for a respectable fellow like me to sell alcohol to 
        a nun?"
    The woman leaned over the counter and whispered conspiratorially, "It's really 
        for the Mother Superior's constipation."
The store owner thought it over and decided to sell it to her since it was for medicinal purposes, but only on condition that she hide it in a paper bag and not tell anyone.

An hour later the store owner closed up and walked outside, only to immediately come across the nun on a park bench, roaring drunk.
    "Sister," he said angrily, "you know I only sold you that whiskey because it was 
        to ease Mother Superior's constipation."
    "It ish," slurred the nun.  "When she sees me, she'll shit."


[219]
A guy goes to a prostitute and has sex.  After it is done, she turns to
him and says, "If I can guess your profession, you give me $100?", to which
he agreed.
The prostitute said, "You are a doctor".
Doctor: "How did you guess?"
Prostitute: "You washed your hands before and you washed your hands after.
Want to go double or nothing?  I can guess your specialty."
Doc: "Sure. No way!"
Prostitute: "You are an anesthesiologist"
Doc: "That is unbelievable.  How did you guess it?"
Prostitute: "Didn't feel a thing."


[220]
Two mexicans were hunting when they became lost.  The first Mexican
had read that when lost, you could fire three times into the air
and help would come.  He fired three times and nothing happened.
An hour later he fired three more times.  After another hour the
second Mexican told his friend to try again.
"Okay," he said, "but this time is the last time.  We're almost out
of arrows!"


[221] Q:  Did you ever have sex cowboy style?
         A:  It's where you fuck the girl from behind, scream out somebody else's
    name, and then see how long you can hold on.



[222]
    The scene is the delivery room in a hospital.  The newborn baby crawls out from between his mother's legs and looks at the doctor. 
    "Are you my daddy?"
    "No," says the doctor," I'm the doctor and I helped your mom deliver you."  
    The baby looks at his mother and says, "Are you my daddy?" 
    "No," says the mother, "I'm your mom, and I carried you for nine months."
    Finally the baby looks at his father and asks, "Are you my daddy?"
    "Yes, Son, I'm your daddy."
    The baby hits his daddy on the head with his fist repeatedly and asks, "How do like it!"


[223
A bum got on a subway car.  He smelled of cheap women and cheap wine. He was dirty and had a porno magazine in his pocket.  When he got in, he sat down next to a priest and started reading the porno.   After a few minutes, he asked the priest how a person gets arthritis. The priest replied that you get arthritis by drinking too much, being with cheap women, not washing and reading smut.  The bum said ``oh, okay.''  After a few minutes, the priest started to feel guilty and turned to the bum and apologized 



for snapping at him and asked him why he wanted to know.  The bum said that he read that the Pope had arthritis.


[224
The sheriff is driving through the county, and he comes across this farmer filling up a hole in the gruond, next to an overturned truck.  The sheriff says, "What's going on here?"  
    The farmer replies, "Well, I was driving back from the city in my pickup when this truckload of blacks comes zipping around the corner.  We both swerved, and that truck turned right over!  So I decided to do a good deed and bury those poor buggers."
    The sheriff says, "But wait, were they all dead?"
    The farmer replies, "Well, some of them claimed they weren't, but you know how those blacks lie."


[225
A redneck is walking down the street and sees another redneck coming out of a bookstore.  He walks up to the other guy and says; "Whatcha got there, Jim Bob?  I ain't never seen one of them."     Jim Bob looks up at him, "Oh, hey, Billy!  This here's a book!" 
    "Oh, really?  What's it about?" 
    "Logic!"
    "What's 'lojik'?"
    "Well here, Ah'll show ya'.  Yaseenow, ya'll like nature, raht?"
    "Ayuh.  Ah like nature."
    "Well then, if ya' like nature ya'll must like animals."
    "Ayuh, animals are ahraht."
    "Well then, if ya' like animals, ya'll must like people."
    "Ayuh, people ain't too bad."
    "Well if ya' like people, ya' gotta like women."
    "Yeh, Ah like women!"
    "Well then, if ya'll like women, then ya' ain't no faggot!"
    "Hell NO! I ain't no faggot!"
    "There ya' go, that there's logic!"
Billy was so impressed with this that he went in and bought the book himself.  As he was walking out of the store, Vern walked up.  
    "Whatcha got, Billy?"  
    "A book."   
    "What's it about?"  
    "Logic."  
    "What's that?"
    "Well Ah'll tell ya'.  You like nature?"
    "No."
    "Then ya's a faggot!"


[226 Q:  WHAT'S A PERFECT WOMAN??
         A:  Three feet tall, no teeth, a flat head to keep my beer on, 
    pistol grip ears and mute!!!


[227
A man is out golfing and hits his ball into the nearby cow pasture.  He starts looking for his ball and notices that there is a woman apparently looking for her ball.  He starts looking for his ball and there is a cow that keeps staring at him.  He looks at the cow and says to himself 'Naaaaa, can't be.'  He searches and searches with the cow staring at him.  The woman can't seem to find her ball either.  Finally, he goes over to the cow and lifts her tail.  Sure enough, there is a ball logged in the cow's



 ass but it doesn't look like his.  So he says to the lady, "Hey, does this look like yours?"  Next day's headline: 
    "Women kills man with 9 iron"


[228
A man goes to a whore, as he gets prepared to get down to business he remarks, " my, what a huge hole, my, what a huge hole." The 'ho gets pissed off and says " you didn't have to say it twice."  The guy says, " I didn't".


[229 Q:  Did you hear about the epileptic who was attacked by 27 people at 
    Disney World?
         A: They thought he was a new ride.


[230
Three plastic surgeons are talking about some of their memorable operations.
    Dr. 1: I had a guy come into my office one time who's arm looked just like a pretzel.  I did some work on him and he now pitches in the major leagues.
    Dr. 2; That's nothing.  I had a guy come into my office one time who's legs were cut off.  I fixed him up and he now runs the Boston marathon every year.
    Dr. 3; I've got you both topped.  I had a guy who fell into a sheet metal machine brought into my office one time. I performed a miracle on him.  All that was left of him was an asshole and a red sweater and he now coaches basketball at Indiana University. 


[231 Q:  How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb??
         A:  One, but it has to want to change first.


[232
This guy walks into a bar and orders a beer.  He starts chatting with the bartender, and tells him he's God.  "Bullshit," says the bartender.  "Well", the guy says, "I'll prove it".  So he walks up to this blind guy, touches his eyes, and the blind man yells "Hey!  I can finally see!" and throws down his cane, and walks out.  "Say, I've got this bum leg," says the bartender, "Can you fix it for me?"  "Sure thing," says God, and touches his leg.  The leg feels great now, and the bartender tells God if he ca



n do anything to repay him.  "Yeah," says God, "Where's the John?  I gotta take a leak."  So, as God walks towards the can, this guy with a neck brace jumps out of the way, yelling "Stay the fuck away from me!  I'm on disability!"


[233
An indian chief has become constipated and so goes to see his friendly neighbourhood doctor.  The doctor listens to the chief's problem and gives him a pill telling him to take 1 a day and come back in a week.  A week later the chief shows up at the doctors office again.  
    The doctor asks the chief, "have you moved yet?" (refering to a bowel movement).  
    The indian chief replies "Me no move."  
    The doctor gives the chief a larger pill and says "Take 2 of these a day and come back in a week."  A week later the chief once again arrives at the doctors office.  The doctor again asks the chief "Have you moved yet?" 
    To which the chief replies, "Me no move."  The doctor gives the chief an even bigger pill than the last one and tells him to take 3 a day and come back in a week.  
    The next week the chief arrives yet again at the doctors office.  The doctor asks his usual question, "Have you moved yet?"   
    The chief replies "me no move."  Totally fed up, the doctor gives the chief the biggest damn pill he can find and tells him to take 4 of these a day and come back in a week.  The chief thanks the doctor and leaves the office.
    The following week the chief arrives at the doctors office.  The doctor asks again, "Have you moved yet?" 
    To which the chief replies, "Me hafta move,  tent full of shit!"


[234
These three fags were talking about what they wanted to be.  
    The first one says "I want to be a flower, so people can come up all day long and smell me!" 
    The next one says "I wanna be an ambulance!  That way I'll get a man shoved into be from behind, and I can run down the street screaming 'OOOO-WHEEEE!!'" 
    The last guy says "I want to be a baseball pitcher!  That way, it will be the bottom of the ninth, bases loaded, and two outs.  The winning run is on 3rd.  The batter hits a grounder to me, and I pick it up, and just stand there.  Everyone in the stands is on their feet, yelling at me 'Throw the ball, you cocksucker!'  And that's what I want, recognition!"


[235
A father dog was talking to his son, "Son, it's time I told you the three facts of life."  So, he goes and knocks over a trash can, and eats some trash from it.  "That's number one."  Then, spying a female dog, he runs over there and fucks her.  "Son, that's number two."  Finally, he sees a tree, and goes over to relieve himself.  "Son, thats three.  Any questions?"  
    "Yeah," says the son.  "I can understand you getting some food from the garbage, and getting some pussy from that bitch, but why the tree?"  
    "Son," he says, "if you can't eat it or fuck it, then piss on it."


[236 Q:  What's pink and spits?
         A:  A baby in a fryingpan.


[237
This 73 year old women leaves her 76 year old husband in their condo in Florida to go out and buy some groceries.  She returns an hour later to find him in bed with a 21 year college girl from down the hall, fucking the daylights out of her.  She screams and grabs the nearest thing, a broom, and starts wacking him over the head and screaming bloody murder.  He backs up to avoid her attacks, and is finally out on the balcony - 17 stories up.
    "Stop hitting me Marge, it is 17 stories up and I could fall", the 76 year old naked man says.
    To which Marge replies, "If you can fuck at your age, you can fly."


[238
A drunk is standing, pissing into a fountain in the middle of town, so a cop comes up to him and says "Stop that and put it away!"  The drunk shoves his dick into his pants and does up his zip.  As the cop turns to go, the drunk starts laughing.  
    "Okay, what's so funny?" asks the cop.
    "Fooled you." says the drunk "I put it away, but I didn't stop."


[239 Q:  You're at dinner with Saddam H., M. Kadafi, and a lawyer.  You have 2 cyanide 
    capsules. Who gets them?
         A:  The lawyer and the lawyer again. 


[240
One day three little boys were sitting on the curb.  They were gleaming at the two shinny cars across the street.  
    The first boy says; "I wish I had one-mellion dallars, so I can buy dat Rolls Royce!"  
    Second boy says; "I wish I had one-mellion dallars too, so I can buy dat Red Cadalac in front of dat Rolls Royce!"  
    Third boy; "I wish I had hair all ovar me!"  
    First two boys eyes get wide and ask; "Hair all ovar ya?  Why you want hair allovar ya?"  
    Third boy reply; "Cause my oldar sister habe a patch of hair like dat (he makes an upside down triangle with both hands)...and she owns both dem cars!"


    Mike and Pat were lifelong friends.  But, Mike had taken very seriously ill and the priest had given him the last rites.  Pat comes in to see him.
    "MIke, do you have any last requests?"
    "Yes, Pat, I do.  Over me mantle there's a fifth of Irish whiskey.  Will you pour it over me grave when I'm gone?"
    Pat hesitates.  "Well, yes, of course I will, Mike.  But would you mind if I filtered it through me kidneys first?"


[241
I remember in grade school I got in trouble for talking when I should have been writting in our English class.  It was poem day and each of us had to write a short poem to read to the class.  The teacher made me stand in the hall for talking, which was the standard for punishment back then.  As I was standing in the hall outside the classroom, I noticed a cockroach crawling on the wall.  So I start thinking; "As I stand here in the hall, I see this cockroach on the wall." and begin repeating it over and ov



er again with much excitment.  20 minutes later the teacher comes out and tells me that it's OK to come back in.  I tell the teacher that I thought of a poem and would like to recite it to the class.  She tells me she would like to here it first.  I recite; "As I stand here in the hall, I see this cockroach on the wall."  With a smile on her face she OKs the poem and tells me that I can recite it to the class, but also tells me that I should leave out the cock because they're called roaches. I agree.  So I



 get into class and the teacher says; "Class, Tommy has a poem that he would like to recite!"  I stand up in front of the class with a proud look on my face and recite; 
        "As I stand here in the hall, 
        I see this roach on the wall...WITH HIS COCK OUT!"


[242 Q:  WHAT ARE THE 4 ROOMS OF A WOMAN?
         A:  FROM HEAD TO THE NECK IS THE "DISPLAY ROOM". 
              FROM THE NECK TO THE CHEST IS THE "PLAY ROOM".
              FROM THE CHEST TO THE HIPS IS THE "STORE ROOM".
              FROM THE HIPS TO THE THIGH IS THE "MENS ROOM".


[243
One morning, as is his usual habit, Bill clinton was running through downtown Little Rock when he ran past his favorite whore.  
    She shouted 'Fifty Dollars!,'
    Bill shouted 'Five Dollars!'
The next morning Bill is out jogging again and he runs past the same whore who shouts 'Fifty Dollars!' again.  
    Bill yells back 'Five Dollars!'  
The next morning, Hilary comes with Bill on his morning jog.  Bill is a few paces ahead of Hillary as they run past the same whore who promptly shouts 'See what you get for five dollars!'


[244 Q:  What is the definition of relative humidity?
         A:  The sweat on your balls while you busy fucking your sister.


[245
Three young black boys are sitting on the banks of a swampy pond watching aligators swim by.  
    One speaks up and says,"You know what da' meanest thing in da' world is?   A crockodile!"  
    The second of the three shakes his head and says, "Nope, t'ain't no crockodile, it's an aligator!"  
    The third shakes his head at the other two and says,"You both crazy, you know what the meanest thing in the world really is?  A Crockogator!", he replies.     
    The first boy asks, "What is that?"  
    The third boy says, "A Crockogator got da' head of a crockodile on one end, and the head of an aligator on da' other end."
    The second one asks, "Den' where his ass?"
    The third boys replies, "He ain't got no ass, dat's why he so mean.!"


[246 Q:  Why did Helen Keller play the piano with one hand?
         A:  She had to sing with the other. 


[247
The other day I got into real trouble ... I was out cleaning up my garage, when I accicently started the damn thing on fire.  So, I ran in the house, called the fire department, and told them that I had a fire and that they'd have to come over right away.  
    The person on the other end said: "Okay, how do we get there?'
    So I replied, "Don't you still have those little red trucks?" 


[248 Q:  What do you get when you line up 10 Indians?
         A:  A full set of teeth


[249
A young girls walks into the bathroom one morning and sees her father standing there naked.  She starts to stare at his dick, and asks: "What's that daddy?".
    Her father replies: "Thats a penis".
The little girl thinks for a moment and then asks: "When will I get a penis daddy?".
    Her father grins and says: "About 10 minutes after your mother leaves
for work.".


[250 Q:  What do 10,000 abused women have in common?
         A:  None of them know when to sit down and shutup.





 
*****WARNING******
    THIS MATERIAL MAY BE OFFENSIVE TO ANYONE OR ANYTHING....READ CAREFULLY!
            complete list available through me

[251 Q:  What's the difference between a pig and a fox?  
         A:  8 beers.


[252
There was a lady, after a rough divorce, who was looking for a purely sexual relationship. In order to find someone to fill this position, she places a classified ad in a local paper advertising her needs.  Later, she is talking on the phone to a friend about how poor the response when the doorbell rings. She gets off the phone and goes to answer the door.  To her dismay, there is no one there.
    "Down here" she hears.  
    She looks down to see a guy with no arms and no legs sitting on her doorstep.  
        "How can I help you?"
    "I'm here about your ad"
    "But you have no arms and no legs, how can you help?"
    "Well, I rang the doorbell, didn't I?"


 
[253]One day, a man found an old lamp and started to rub the dust off of 
it when a genie appeared. The genie said "For setting me free, I will 
grant you two wishes".
    The man thought for a while and replied without hesitation,  "I want to be hard all of the time and I would like to have all the ass I want."
    *POOF!* a cloud of smoke appeared and the man turned into a toilette.


[254]Q:  "Why do Blondes have a dimple on their chin and a flat 
    forehead?"
     A:  "A place to put out your cigarette and a place to set your beer."


[255]
I used to listen at night to my parents in the next room, talking... you
 know how parents will say things like "I told you he'd live".  It seemed 
I  could never cross the street without them placing bets.  One of my 
fondest  memories was waking up and seeing snow all over the ground and 
kids  playing in it, and getting all excited, I'd rush to the door and 
shout to my parents, "okay, you know the deal, it's snowing....let me in.


[256] Q: What are they charging for parking at the World Trade Center?
         A: An arm and a leg.


[257]
A recent  medical survey found that the average penis is six inches long, 
while the  average vagina is eight inches deep.  That means that there 
are over 150,000 miles of unused pussy in the world!!!


[258]
It was 2:00  in the morning when Mel and I were staggering home from a 
friends party  last Sunday.  We were arguing our egos on who go the best 
lay the night  before.  I was boasting about porking this gal with a 
harry ass hole  and he was boasting about banging a miniature 2 1/2 foot 
Sister.  I told  him he was full of shit because I remember Father Ralph 
telling me about  a height limitation back in the Catholic School days.  
Mel insisted that  he screwed a minature Sister and to prove his point we 
staggered over  to St. Marys two blocks away.  Pounding on the door for 
nearly 15  minutes, an elderly lady finally answers, "I'm Mother Maria, 
may I assist  your needs?"  "Yeaaaa!" says Mel,  "Ya got any Sisters 
datall!"   (gesturing his hand to his knee, indicating 2 feet).  Mother 
Maria;  "Excuse me sir?"  Mel; "Iiiiiiisaid, da ya have any sisturrs dat 
tall!"   Mother Maria; "I'm sorry we can not fill your needs at this 
Convent!"   and with that, she slams the door.  I nudge Mel and tell him; 
"Seeeee, I told ya, ya fucked a PENGUIN!!!"


[259] Q: What do you call a fag in a wheat field ?
         A: Fruit and fiber


[260]
The night before Mike Tyson  goes to prison, he tells Don King that he 
needs to get laid just one  more time before he goes in.  So Don king 
sets him up with this total  babe and they go at it like rabbits all 
night.  The next morning she  turns to Mike and says, "Well, I've got 
some good news and some bad  news.  Figuring he's going to prison very 
soon, he decides to hear the good news first.
She says, "Ok then, You were better than Magic Johnson."


[261]
The Ages of a Women
1. Between the ages of 16 and 18, she is like Africa, virgin and unexplored.

2. Between the ages of 19 and 35, she is like Asia, hot and exotic.

3. Between the ages of 36 and 45, she is like America, fully explored and free with her resources.

4. Between the ages of 46 and 56 she is like Europe, exhausted but still has points of interest.

5. After 56 she is like Australia, everybody knows it's down there but who gives a damn.


[262] Q:  What are the 3 wonders of a woman?
          A:  1.  She can bleed for a week without dying...
        2.  She can milk like a cow...
        3.  She can bury a bone faster than a dog...


[263]
A fag goes into a deli.  He asks for a sausage.  The deli owner says  
"Would you like that chopped?"  The fag replies "What do I look like,
a piggy bank?!


[264]
If you know three languages, you are tri-lingual
If you know two languages, you are bi-lingual
If you know one language (and don't respect others), you're American.


[265] Q: Why does a black man rub his eyes after sex?
         A: To get the MACE out.


[266] Q:  What is the difference between a girls track team  and a bunch of 
    pygmies?
         A:  The pygmies are cunning little runts.


[267] Q:  What is the difference between a goldfish and a mountain goat?
         A:  Goldfish like to muck around the fountain.


[268] Q:  What is the difference between a pick-pocket and a peeping-tom.
         A:  The pick-pocket snatches watches.


[269] Q:  What is the difference between a woman going to church and a 
    woman taking a bath.
         A:  The woman going to church has hope in her soul.


[270] Q:  What do a warm pussy and a warm toilet-seat have in common?
         A:  They both feel great, but you can't stop wondering who was there 
    before you.


[271]
Once  there was this little nonconforming sparrow who decided not to fly 
south  for the winter.  After awhile it got too cold for the poor sparrow 
and he  reluctantly started his flight south.  Slow ice began forming on 
the  sparrow's wings causing him to come crashing down to the ground.  
Then  a cow came a long and crapped on the sparrow.  He thought he was 
done  for, but to his surprise the shit was nice and warm and began to 
thaw  out his wings.  The sparrow was so happy he becan to sing.  A near 
by cat heard the singing and decided to investigate.  He found the 
sparrow under  the pile of shit, so he uncovered the sparrow and promptly 
ate him.
    Now, there are three moral to this story:
    1) Not everyone that shits on you is your enemy.
    2) People that get you out of shit are not necessarily your friend.
    3) If your warm and happy in a pile of shit, keep your mouth shut.


[272]
An inventor walks into the U.S. patent office one day to have the man  in 
charge take a look at his new invention. He walks up to the guy's desk,  
puts an apple on it and says," Here, take a look at this."
    The guy in charge says, "It's an apple, so what."
    The inventor tells the gut to take a bite of it and he 
does. The man in charge frowns and says," It tastes like an apple."
    The inventor shakes his head and tells him to turn it around.
The patent officer does and to his surprise it tastes like a banana. The  
inventor sees the patent officer's surprise and makes a motion for him 
to turn it around again. He does and takes a bite:  Coconut, again, 
Peach, again, Pear, and again and again until he gets  to the core 
getting a different taste each time.
    The patent officer smiles and says," Wow, this  is great but if you can 
make one of these that tastes like a pussy you'll make a million.
    The inventor says he will work on it and be back in a month.
One month passes...
    The inventor sets the new improved apple on the patent officer's desk.
    "Is that it?" he asks. The inventor says it is and the officer 
takes a bite.
    "Gawd! This tastes like shit!" the patent officer yells.
    The inventor looks at him and says, "Well, turn it around."


[273]
 I went to school, ya know.  I went to grammar school and once we were taking a test and I was copying this other kid's paper, and I guess the  teacher heard my xerox machine.  She said, "Emo, am I stupid or were you 
 cheating," and I said, "Ah, yes and no."  She sends me to the principals office and I get there and sit down and he looks at me and says, "Emo,  Emo, Emo."  I said, "I'm the one in the middle, you drunken slob."  He 
 said, "Emo, how would you like to repeat the fifth grade?"  I said, "I  don't know if I could do it exactly, but I could try."  He said, "I  could expel  you!" I said, "You'll have to catch and eat me first, ya 
 wierdo."  He  said, "Emo, you'll have to see the school psychologist."  And I said, "But why do I have to see the school psychologist?"  So he  showed me the petition.  So I went to the psychologist and he says, 
 "Emo, what does this inkblot look like to you?"  I said, "Well, it's  kind of embarassing."  He said, "Emo, everyone sees something silly.   Don't be embarassed.  Tell me, what  does this inkblot look like to 
 you?"  I said, "Well, uh, to me, um, it  looks like, uh, standard pattern  number 3 in the Rorshach series to test obsesive compulsiveness."  And  he got kind of depressed, so I said, "OK, it's a butterfly." And he 
 cheered up.  "And what does this inkblot look like?"  I said it looks  like a horrible, ugly blob of pure evil, that sucks the souls of men  into a vortex of sin and degredation."  He said, "No, uh the inkblots 
 over there, that's a photo of my wife you're looking at."  "oh, was I  far off?"  He said, "No, that's the sad part."  And he gave me a  chocolate easter bunny and I ate the bunny, then I thought, hey, this 
 isn't easter.  "Is this a test?"  And he said, "Yes."  "And what does it  mean?"  He said, "Had you eaten the ears first you would have been  normal.  Had you eaten the feet first you would have had an inferiority 
 complex.  Had you eaten the tail first you would have had latent  homosexual tendencies and had you eaten the breasts first you would have  had a latent oedipal complex."  "Well...go on, what does it mean when 
 you bite out the eyes and scream 'stop staring at me?'"  He said, "It  means you have a tendency towards self destruction."  I said, "Well, 
 what do you recommend?" He said, "Go for it."


[274]
A white guy and a polish guy are standing on top of a tall building.   The white  guy turns to the other and says, "You know, If you jump off 
this  building, there's an air pocket near the bottom, and it'll push you back up to the top before you hit the ground."
    The polack responded, "Wait a minute.  I hardly know you; you try it first!"
    So the white guy jumps off the building.  Sure enough, right before he reaches the ground, he pops all the way back up to the top of the building completely unharmed.
    "Shit!" says the polack, "I got to see that again."
    So the guy jumps off again, and like the first time, he pops back up to the top before he hits the ground.  "Your turn now.  Try it.  It's fun"
    The polish guy, now anxious to try it, jumps off.  He falls down toward the ground and then...  SPLAT!!
    Down on the street, there are two cops, and they hear the bone crunching sound.  "What was that?!" said one cop.
    The other one replied, "Oh, it's just Superman fucking with them 
polacks again!"


[275]
A drunk walks into a crowded bar and takes the last barstool next to an older woman.  After awhile, the woman starts to smell this horrible odor coming from the direction of the drunk.  She turns to him and says, "Excuse me Mister, but did you just shit yourself?"    The drunk replied, "Yes ma'am, I have indeed shit myself."
The woman says, "Well, why don't you go somewhere and clean yourself up?"
    The drunk says, "'Cos I'm not finished yet..."


[276] Q: Why haven't the Japanes bought Disneyland yet?
         A: They are still too short for the good rides.


[277]
Rob : Hei Bill, how have you been?
Bill: Well, Rob, I have had my ups and downs.
Rob : That's good!
Bill: Well, not so good, for my father died.
Rob : That's bad!
Bill: Well, not so bad, for he left me his farm and stock.
Rob : That's good!
Bill: Well, not so good, for all the cattle took ill and died.
Rob : That's bad!
Bill: Well, not so bad, for they were insured over value.
Rob : That's good!
Bill: Well, not so good, for the insurance company burst and the chairman blew
      his brains out.
Rob : That's bad!
Bill: Well, not so bad, for I married the widow.
Rob : That's good!
Bill: Well, not so good, for she is a woman with a very violent temper.
Rob : That's bad!
Bill: Well, not so bad, for she has a lot of money.
Rob : That's good!
Bill: Well, not so good, `cause in one of her moods, she set fire to the house.
Rob : That's bad!
Bill: Well, not so bad, for she perished in the flames.
Rob : That's good!
Bill: Yeah!


[278]
Santa drops down a chimney, and there in front of him is a barely dressed girl lying on the couch.
    "Stay a while..." she moans quietly.  
Santa looks at her and says "Ho Ho Ho, Gotta go, Got a lotta work to do, you know." and disappears up the chimney.

Next house, Santa drops in, and there is the daughter of the house, stark naked on the carpet, ready, willing and all too obviously very able.
    "Oh please, Santa, will you give me a very special Christmas present" she asks. 
To this Santa replies:  "Hay, Hay, Hay, Gotta stay, Can't get out the chimney with my dick this way."

[279]
 Once in the garden of Eden, Adam looked at Eve, and found she was missing
a cunt.  So he called the stork, and asked it to drill her a hole.
She was still missing the hair, Adam thought, so he called the skunk, ripped
off a piece of the animals hair, and placed it on Eve. Much better, but she was still very bloody in certain places. 
Therefore Adam threw her into the ocean. As she came out of the water a
herring fell out of her newly made hole. Today we can see that the stork has a red beak and that the skunk 
has a white back, but we have never found out whether a cunt smells like  
the herring or the herring smells like a cunt..

[280]
 A little girl is sitting on the sidewalk crying...A helpful man asks her :
    "Why are you crying, little girl ?"
    "My cat just had 3 beautyful kitties (is it the correct word ?) and my
     father killed them !!!"
    "Oh, I see, you wanted to keep them. But you know, 4 cats at home is
     difficult."
    "NO ! I wanted to kill them myself."
 

[281]
          Sex Life of an Electron
                  -----------------------
    One night when his charge was at full capacity, Micro Farad decided to get a cute little coil to discharge him.
He picked up Millie Amp and took her for a ride on his megacycle. The rode across Wheatstone Bridge, around the Sine
Wave and into a magnetic field next to a flowing circuit. Micro Farad, attracted by Millie's characteristic curves,
soon had her fields fully excited. He laid her on the ground potential, raised her frequency, lowered her resistance and
pulled out his high voltage probe. He inserted it in parallel and began to short circuit her shunt. Fully excited,
Millie cried "Ohm, ohm, give me more ohm!!" With his tube at maximum output and her coil vibrating from the current flow,
her shunt soon reached maximum heat. The excess current had shorted her shunt and Micro's capacity was rapidly discharged
and drained of every electron. They fluxed all night trying various connections and
hookups until his bar magnet had lost all of its strength and he could no longer generate enough voltage to sustain
the collapsing field. With his battery fully discharged, Micro was unable to excite his transformer, so they ended
up reversing polarity and blowing each other's fuses.

[282]
    One day the Holy Church of Whatever were sad because the same curch bell ringer they've had for 50 years died.  Now they had to find
a new one, so they put up postings that said  "Church bell ringer wanted.  Apply in person."
    So they wait and one day a man comes and applies.  "But you've got no arms."  said the preacher.  "Just give me a chance."  he says.
So they bring him up to the tower and say "OK, let's see what you can do."
    So the guy steps back a couple of feet and runs head first into the bell, and rings it.  The preacher is stunned because the guy
must've hurt himself, but he gets up and he's fine.
    "Not bad, but the bell is rung more than once, you'll kill yourself."   "No, man, watch this."   So the man runs back even
farther and again runs face-first into the bell, ringing it even louder.  The preacher's impressed, but still not sure.
    "OK, then, watch this, and you'll have to hire me."  So he runs back as far as he can go and starts running head first towards
the bell.  The preacher thinks this is far too dangerous and takes the bell and holds it out of the way.  Unfortunately, the guy doesn't see
the bell is gone and runs straight over the edge of the tower and falls to his death below.
When the cops arrive, they start asking questions from the preacher.  "Did you know the victim?"
    And the preacher replies,  "Well, I don't know his name but  his face 
rings a bell."

[283]
Q: What three rings can you be sure of in a marriage?
A: Engagement ring, marriage ring, and Suffer ring.

[284] 
Q: What's brown, twelve inches long, and has four wheels?
A: A foot-long turd...I was just shittin' you about the wheels...

[285]
  So this man is exploring in the jungle.  One day he wakes up and is surrounded by hundreds of bow&arrow-wielding natives. 
    He says, "Oh, God, I'm fucked."
    All at once he hears a voice from above boom down:"No, you're not.  I am God (as if you didn't notice).  Go ye unto the man at the
front there with the paint on his face, drive your Bowie knife through his heart, and he shall die."
    He runs up, stabs this guy, and sure enough, the guy dies.
    "Now what, God?" he asks.
    "Well, that was their chief.  NOW you're fucked."

[286]
Q: Why do women rub their eyes in the morning when they wake up?
A: cause, they don't have any balls to scratch!!
  
[287]
Q: What do you call Jeffrey Dahmer, David Koresh, and Mike Tyson?
A: A BUTCHER, A BAKER, AND A LICENSE PLATE MAKER!!!!  :)

[288] 
Q: Why do they slap babies when they are born?
A: It knocks the dicks off the dumb ones.

[289] 
Q: What's the difference between a Black person and a tire?
A: A tire doesn't sing when you put chains on it.

[290] 
A guy and his wife are riding horses in the country. As they ride along the
horse that the man is on stumbles. "That's once," say the man to the
horse. They ride along and 50 yards later the horse stumbles again.
"That's twice," the man says. The ride on and 50 yards later, the horse
stumbles yet again. "That's three times," says the man and he pulls out
a gun and shoots the horse. Well, the wife spits the dummy and starts
yelling at him calling him names. "That's once," the man says.

[291]
Q: What is it that no man wishes to have, yet no man wishes to lose?
A: A bald head. 

[292]
There was a man whose dick was so long, that when he fucked, it bent
in two,  and instead of coming he went!

[293] 
There were three Nuns sitting on a park bench, this guy comes up and  
flashes them. The first Nun had a stroke, the second Nun had a  
stroke, but the third Nuns arms were too short to reach!

[294]
So here I am, sitting at Bocci's after work. I'm sitting there
for about an hour, talking to a friend of mine, and out of the 
corner of my eye, I see this old man over by the door starting
to slip out of his stool, and he finally came to rest down by
the floor. I figure the right thing to do is go help him, so I
go down there and give him a hand up. He gets about halfway up,
and starts sliding down.
    "I think it's time for this one to go home," I tells the barten-
der. I ask the guy where he lives, and if he needed a ride home.
He says, "No, I don't have a car, but I only live about 4 houses
down." So, I get the address, and I start to help him off the
barstool, and we start heading out the door. "Vinnie!!" the bar-
tender yells out, but I just wave him off. "It's OK." I says.
"I'll be back in a couple of minutes." So we get close to the door,
and the guy's legs slip out from under him again, and I'm thinking,
"This dude's one fucked up unit!" We get out to the driveway, and
he slips not once, but 2 more times, and I'm getting frustrated.
So, I throw him over my shoulder, and carry him the remaining dis-
tance to his house. I knocks on the door, and his wife says, "Who
is it?"
    I says, "My name is Vinnie, and I brought your husband home." She 
opens the door, and I brush by her, and lay her husband on the
couch. He kind of slides over onto his side, one eye open, the other
mostly closed. There's spit running out the side of his mouth. I
look at the lady, and I say, "Lady, you really ought to talk to
your husband about his drinking."
    She says, "I intend to." Then she looks over my shoulder, and out
on the porch, and asks, "By the way, where did you put his wheel-
chair?"

[295]
 Q: Did you hear about the new sit-com about Lepers and Prostitutes?
         A: It`s called "Leave it in the Beaver."

[296]
4 stages of sex in marriage
 Stage 1 - Room sex 
You have sex in every room of the house.
 Stage 2 - Bedroom sex
You only have sex in the bedroom so the kids dont see.
 Stage 3 - Hall sex
You say "Fuck You" to each other as you pass in the hall.
 Stage 4 - Courtroom sex
You Fuck each other in divorce court.


[297]
There were two church-going women gossiping in front of the
country store when a dusty old cowboy rode up.  He tied up
in front of the saloon, walk around behind his horse, lifted
its tail and kiss the horse full on its asshole.

Repulsed, one of the women asked, "That's disgusting, why did
you do THAT?"

To which the cowboy reply, "I've got chapped lips."

Confused, the woman continued, "Does that make them feel better.

"No, but it stops me from licking them!"

[298]
An old wino was stumbling down the street when he came upon a biker bar.  He
decided to go in to spend his last dollar on a brew. 

At the bar he sat down next to a big old biker.  While he was drinking his brew
he kept eyeing the bowl of chili in front of the biker.  After about an hour,
he got up the courage to ask the biker if he could eat his bowl of chili since
the biker hadn't touched it.  The biker said, "Go ahead, man."

The wino ate all the chili and at the bottom of the bowl there was a turd.
When the wino saw the turd, he got sick and threw up in the bowl.  

The biker turned to him and said, "I did the same thing when I got to the 
bottom of the bowl, man."

[299]
IT'S A DOG'S LIFE

     Four union workers were discussing how smart there dogs were.

     The first, a United auto workers member said his dog could do math
  calculations. His dog was named T-square, and he told him to go to the
  blackboard and draw a square, a circle, and a triangle--which the dog
  did with no problem.

     the united steel workers members said he thought his dog was
  better. His dog, named sliderule, was told to fetch a dozen cookies
  and to divide tem into four piles of three--which sliderule did with
  no problem.

     The teamsters member said that was pretty good, but he felt his dog
  was even. His dog, named Measure, was told to get a quart of milk and
  to pour 7 ounces into a 10 ounce glass. The dog complied with
  precision.

     The three agreed that the demonstrations were pretty good, and that
  all the dogs were smart. They then turned to the fourth member and
  asked, "What can your dog do".

     The united mine workers member, who hailed from West Virinia,
  called his dog Coffee Break and said, " show the fellas what y'all can
  do".

     Coffee Break went over and pissed on the blackboard, ate all the
  cookies, drank all the milk, screwed the other three dogs; claimed he
  hurt his back,filed for workmans comp. and foodstamps: yapped about
  the unsafe workings conditions, and started a wildcat strike.

[300]
 Q: How are lawyers and sperm alike?
         A: They both have a one-in-a-million chance of becomming human.


 Q: Why are guys so smart and girls so talkative?
         A: Because guys have two heads and girls have four lips.



It does not matter what you have, but where you stick it.
It's not the size of the tower, but the amount of power.
It's not the size of the tool, but how you use it.
It's not the size of your wave that counts, it's the motion of the ocean.
It't not the meat, its the motion.  
It's not the size of the dick, but the ass that pushes it.
It's not the size of the boat, but the motion of the ocean.
Only bad musicians blame thier instruments.

  



 

The nine types of users
El Explicito - "I tried the thing, ya know, and it worked, ya know, but now it doesn't, ya know?"
Advantages:  Provides interesting communication challanges.
Disadvantages:  So do chimps.
Symptoms:  Complete inability to use proper nouns
Real Case:  One user walked up to a certain Armenian pod manager and said, "I can't get what I want!"  The pod manager leaned back, put his hands on his belt-buckle, and said, "Well, ma'am, you've come to the right place."

Mad Bomber - "Well, I hit ALT-f6, shift-f8, CNTRL-f10, f4, and f9, and now it looks all weird."
Advantages:  Will try to find own solution to problems.
Disadvantages:  User might have translated document to Navajo without meaning to.
Symptoms:  More than six stopped jobs in UNIX, a 2:1 code-to-letter ratio in WordPerfect
Real Case:  One user came in complaining that his WordPerfect document was underlined.  When I used reveal codes on it, I found that he'd set and unset underline more than fifty times in his document.

Frying Pan/Fire Tactician - "It didn't work with the data set we had, so I fed in my aunt's recipe for key lime pie."
Advantages:  Will usually fix error.
Disadvantages:  'Fix' is defined VERY loosely here.
Symptoms:  A tendancy to delete lines that get errors instead of fixing them.
Real Case:  One user complained that their program executed, but didn't do anything.  The scon looked at it for twenty minutes before realizing that they'd commented out EVERY LINE.  The user said, "Well, that was the only way I could get it to compile."

Shaman - "Last week, when the moon was full, the clouds were thick, and formahaut was above the horizon, I typed f77, and lo, it did compile."
Advantages:  Gives insight into primative mythology.
Disadvantages:  Few scons are anthropology majors.
Symptoms:  Frequent questions about irrelavent objects.
Real Case:  One user complained that all information on one of their disks got erased (as Norton Utilities showed nothing but empty sectors, I suspect nothing had ever been on it).  Reasoning that the deleted information went *somewhere*, they wouldn't shut up until the scon checked four different disks for the missing information.

X-user - "Will you look at those. . .um, that resolution, quite impressive, really."
Advantages:  Using the cutting-edge in graphics technology.
Disadvantages:  Has little or no idea how to use the cutting-edge in graphics technology.
Symptoms:  Fuzzy hands, blindness
Real Case:  When I was off duty, two users sat down in front of me at DEC station 5000/200s that systems was reconfiguring.  I suppressed my laughter while, for twenty minutes, they sat down and did their best to act like they were doing exectly what they wanted to do, even though they couldn't log in.

Miracle Worker - "But it read a file from it yesterday!"  'Sir, at a guess, this disk has been swollowed and regurgitated.'  "But I did that a month ago, and it read a file from it yesterday!"
Advantages:  Apparently has remarkable luck when you aren't around.
Disadvantages:  People complain when scons actually use the word 'horse-puckey'.
Symptoms:  Loses all ability to do impossible when you're around.  Must be the kryptonite in your pocket.
Real Case:  At least three users have claimed that they've loaded IBM WordPerfect from Macintosh disks.

Taskmaster - "Well, this is a file in MacWrite.  Do you know how I can upload it to MUSIC, transfer it over to UNIX from there, download it onto an IBM, convert it to WordPerfect, and put it in three-column format?"
Advantages:  Bold new challanges.
Disadvantages:  Makes one wish to be a garbage collector.
Symptoms:  An inability to keep quiet.  Strong tendancies to make machines do things they don't want to do.
Real Case:  One user tried to get a scon to find out what another person's E-mail address was even though the user didn't know his target's home system, account name, or real name.

Maestro - "Well, first I sat down, like this.  Then I logged on, like this, and after that, I typed in my password, like this, and after that I edited my file, like this, and after that I went to this line here, like this, and after that I picked my nose, like this. . ."
Advantages:  Willing to show you exactly what they did to get an error.
Disadvantages:  For as long as five or six hours.
Symptoms:  Selective deafness to the phrases, "Right, right, okay, but what was the ERROR?", and a strong fondness for the phrase, "Well, I'm getting to that."
Real Case:  I once had to spend half an hour looking over a user's shoulder while they continuously retrieved a document into itself and denied that they did it (the user was complaining that their document was 87 copies of the same thing).

Princess (unfair, perhaps, as these tend, overwhelmingly, to be males) - "I need a Mac, and someone's got the one I like reserved, would you please garrote him and put him in the paper recycling bin?"
Advantages:  Flatters you with their high standards for your service.
Disadvantages:  Impresses you with their obliviousness to other people on this planet.
Symptoms:  Inability to communicate except by complaining.
Real Case:  One asked a scon to remove the message of the day because he (the user) didn't like it.


From gollingj@keystone.westminster.edu Fri Nov 28 20:42:44 1997
Date: Sun, 23 Nov 1997 22:54:07 -0500
From: "G. Gollinger" <gollingj@keystone.westminster.edu>, 
    UNEXPECTED_DATA_AFTER_ADDRESS@.SYNTAX-ERROR.
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes
Subject: Re: need help ASAP

On Wed, 19 Nov 1997, madmac wrote:

> Tammy Reitzler wrote:
> > 
> > hi ya!!
> > 
> > i have lurked here for about a year and ran across a computer thing
> > with some type of title like "what they say and what they really mean"
> > 
> > i need it ASAP because i am going to be dealing with computer ppl
> > tomorrow on the phone and i need amunition with their smart ass remarks.
> > 
> > thanks in advance,
> > 
> > tammy
> subject:       Computer Acronyms
> 
> Understanding acronyms at a glance is a crucial skill in today's
> fast-paced, high-tech world!
> 
> Thus this list:
> ISDN		It Still Does Nothing
> APPLE		Arrogance Produces Profit-Losing Entity
> SCSI		System Can't See It
> DOS		Defective Operating System
> BASIC		Bill's Attempt to Seize Industry Control
> IBM		I Blame Microsoft
> DEC		Do Expect Cuts
> CD-ROM	Consumer Device, Rendered Obsolete Monthly
> OS/2		Obsolete Soon, Too.
> WWW		World Wide Wait
> MACINTOSH	Most Applications Crash; If Not, The Operating System Hangs     
> PENTIUM	Produces Erroneous Numbers Through Incorrect Understanding of Math
> COBOL		Completely Obsolete Business Oriented Language
> AMIGA		A Merely Insignificant Game Addiction
> LISP		Lots of Infuriating Silly Parenthesis
> MIPS		Meaningless Indication of Processor Speed
> WINDOWS	Will Install Needless Data On Whole System
> MICROSOFT	Most Intelligent Customers Realize Our Software Only Fools Teenagers

ATM	Another Technical Mistake
FDDI	Fuckin' Dickheads Designed It
ADA	American Defense Atrocity
HP	Headache Producer
SUN	Save Users Now!
SGI	Seymour Gave In [Seymour Cray]
LINUX	Linus's INoperable Unix eXcuse
BSDI	Bill Sucks Dick Interminally
MAC	Mindlessly Acting Computer
NeXT	Never Even eXperienced Trials
ODBC	Odiously (or Obviously) Designed By Committee
APL	A Programming Languish
PERL	Programming Entirely Redundant Lists
AWK	Another Weird Kludge
NT	Neanderthal Technology
PASCAL	Particularly Asinine, Sorry, Cruddy, Atrophied Language


G. Gollinger
http://keystone.westminster.edu/~gollingj (Now with JavaScript!)
gollingj {at} keystone {dot} westminster {dot} ee-dee-you
---------------------------------------------------------------------
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be
considered a criminal offense.
					- Edsger W. Dijkstra



From gwlucky@aol.com Wed Feb 25 23:36:56 1998
Date: 4 Feb 1998 21:31:06 GMT
From: GWLucky <gwlucky@aol.com>
Newsgroups: rec.humor
Subject: Accounting


What's the definition of an accountant?
Someone who solves a problem you didn't know you had in a way you don't 
understand.
     
What's the definition of a good tax accountant? 
Someone who has a loophole named after him.
     
What's an auditor?
Someone who arrives after the battle and bayonets all the wounded.
     
Why did the auditor cross the road?
Because he looked in the file and that's what they did last year.
     
There are three kinds of accountants in the world. Those who can count 
and those who can't.
     
An accountant is having a hard time sleeping and goes to see his doctor. 
"Doctor, I just can't get to sleep at night."
"Have you tried counting sheep?"
"That's the problem - I make a mistake and then spend three hours trying 
to find it."
     
there once was an economist named Wayne, 
who's fringe theories were considered insane, 
with the markets in recession,
his life was an obsession,
to prove that a loss was a gain.
     
Q.  What's the difference between the short and long income tax forms? 
A.  If you use the short form, the government gets your money.
If you use the long form, the accountant gets your money.
     
A lawyer and an accountant are fishing in the Caribbean. The lawyer 
says, "I had a terrible fire; lost everything. Now the insurance 
company is paying for everything and that's why I'm here." The 
accountant says, "What a coincidence. I had a terrible flood; lost 
everything. Now the insurance company is paying for everything and 
that's why I'm here." The lawyer turned to him with confusion and says, 
"How do you start a flood?"
     
An accountant dies and goes to Heaven. As he is met by St Peter, he starts 
whining that at 37, he's much too young to die.  St. Peter replies "That's 
impossible!  According to your time sheets you must be at least 97! "


Copyright 1991 Patrick D. Scannell
Used by Permission

                       "Relativity"

                         PART ONE
 
Meanwhile, in another part of the forest, the top physicists
in the universe (plus a couple of programmers) struggle to
perfect "Dynamo Ada", the very thing on which the future of
the company hangs like a terminal.  The vice president of
the division has bicycled in for a conference with the scientists,
to be briefed on the progress of this critical
project.  (Later, he will attend a meeting of the board of
directors, where he will criticized on the progress of this
brief project.)
 
"How are things progressing?"
 
"Well, not so hot.  We have in fact produced an Ada a
zillion times faster (approximately) than any previously seen, but
there is a slight technical glitch when we actually try to run it."
 
"What kind of glitch?"
 
"Well, it has to do with the Theory of Relativity.  The new Ada
compiler is so fast that it begins to approach the speed of
light."
 
"Are you fellows trying to befuddle me with technical jargon?"
 
"Oh, no sir.  You're befuddled enough to suit us just as you
are.  Now as I was saying, when something begins to approach the
speed of light, there are some relativistic effects.  The mass of
an object is affected, but more importantly time begins to run
slower.  The effect, which is called time dilation, has never been
used in any commercial product except ketchup."  The Vice President was
now beginning to show great interest -- not in the scientist's
explanation, but in a piece of lint on the sleeve of his jacket.
 
"For instance, if a rocket travels to another star at nearly the
speed of light, the trip might seem to take a hundred years to an
external observer, but the occupants of the rocket would only
perceive it as having taken ten years, and would only age ten
years."  The Vice President was nodding now.  Soon he would be
completely asleep.
 
They entered the next room, where a programmer sat before a
terminal, completely immobile.  He did not even appear to be
breathing.  "This man is compiling a five-million-line program
using Dynamo Ada.  From his point of view, the compilation takes
forty-two seconds.  But for an external observer, like us, almost
two days have passed."
 
"Very interesting, very interesting," said the Vice President.  "Is it
time for lunch yet?"

                         PART TWO
                    (two years later)

Scene: the same research installation.  The Vice
President of Bizarre Products Development has arrived to discuss
a matter of great importance.  He is met by Zeke Einstein, a
double Ph.D. in Quantum Physics and Computer Science, who escorts
him into the building.
 
"I was afraid you wouldn't be here," says the V.P.  "I thought
the company had stopped doing pure research."
 
"Oh, we don't do pure research here.  We do 80% research and 20%
playing practical jokes on each other."
 
"By the way, what on earth have you got all over your forehead?"
 
"We'll get to that.  Over there is Biff Einstein.  He's our top
man in computer relativity."
 
"Is everybody here named Einstein?"
 
"No, but whenever we get a chance to hire a physicist named
Einstein, we do it, just to be on the safe side.  Over here is
Bill Blooper.  He's the Director of the research center."
 
"Guten tag," said Blooper.  "Ich bin Ein Stein."
 
"Einstein?  I thought you said his name was Blooper!"
 
"His NAME is Blooper, but he thinks he's a German beer mug.  He's
completely mad, of course, but that's just what it takes to stay on
the cutting edge of today's fast-moving technology.  Now, you wanted
to talk about relativistic computer technology?"
 
"Yes.  I don't know too much about it, so I'd appreciate it if
you'd fill me in."
 
"I thought your organization had already developed a product
based on the technology.  That was almost three years ago, wasn't
it?"
 
"That's true, but I wasn't in charge when it started, so I'm not
clear on all the concepts.  The only engineer who really
understands it is currently finishing up the Unit Test, so
naturally he's a bit difficult to talk to right now ..."
 
"Well, let me start at the beginning.  You're aware of the fact
that all data is composed of quantum particles, which sometimes
act like waves, in a manner similar to photons?"
 
"You mean bits?"

"Well, not quite.  The particulate nature of data means that
you can never have one and a half bits of information; it has
to come in quantum-sized packets.  The term "bit" refers to
the measure of information, but the subatomic particles
themselves are generally called logons or offons.  Now, the fact
is that logons travel at the same speed as light.  For instance,
when data is passed through a wire, even though the individual
electrons propogate along the wire very slowly, the data itself
moves at light speed."
 
"That doesn't sound reasonable."
 
"Well, I can demonstrate it to you quite easily.  Here, hold this
wire."
 
"What are you -- Yow!  You gave me a shock!"
 
"Well, yes, of course.  But how FAST did you get it?  One of the
new technologies we're investigating is the possible
existence of an anti-logon particle.  If it exists, we would be
able to construct retroactive memory chips with an access time of
up to negative 30 microseconds."
 
"And if such a particle doesn't it exist?"
 
"Well, we'll have to invent one.  That will more expensive,
of course."
 
"I don't seem to be getting all this."
 
"Well, of course not.  As I said, information particles behave a
lot like photons.  For instance, a mirror reflects almost all of
the light that hits it, whereas a black surface absorbs almost
all of it.  In the same way, different materials reflect or
absorb data particles at different rates.  The human head, we have
found, is one of the most perfect data reflectors in the universe.
However, just let me put some of this data-absorbing paint on your
head and you'll begin to understand me much better."
 
"Careful.  This is a brand new suit."
 
"Oh, it washes right out, don't worry.  Now, I was saying that
with an anti-logon particle we would be able to construct memory
devices with negative access times."
 
"There would have to be some programming changes there, to allow
for reading data out before it's been written."
 
"Now you're getting it."
 
"Can I have some of this paint to take back with me?  I know some
people who could use it."

"Of course.  That reminds me.  One other thing I've been warning
people about. We're now entering an era where gigabytes of memory
are not uncommon."
 
"Yes?"
 
"We're not certain yet, but we're afraid that a large enough
gathering of logons in very close proximity may cause it to reach
critical mass."
 
"What happens then?"
 
"We don't know.  It could mean another Big Bang.  Or the
formation of some sort of object similar to a black hole, from
which no data ever escapes."
 
"But what about relativistic programming?  We're getting off the
subject."
 
"Well, the thing of it is that at a high enough computational
speed, you get effects similar to those produced by an object
moving at close to light speed.  Time dilation and so forth."
 
"That's why it's taking so long for this Unit Test phase, as I
understand it."
 
"Exactly.  To the tester himself, things seem to be going along
quite quickly.  But to an outside observer, it seems to be moving
very slowly.  Time proceeds at different rates.  Probably the
developer himself appears smaller."
 
"Well, I didn't know him before, but these days he's about two
feet tall, so I suppose you're right.  Anyway, what I came here
to discuss is the possibility of producing more products using
the technology."
 
"Why would you want to, if you can't get them out the door?"
 
"Well, the customers seem to be impressed with them, as long as
they're affected by this relativity thing.  The only real problem
has been test time.  And we think we have a solution to that."
 
"Yes?"
 
"Rigorous code inspections.  If we remove all the defects by
inspection, we don't have to do much testing, and we can ship the
products the same century we build them.  Do you see any potential
problems with that?"
 
"Well, the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle would seem to imply
that, if you know the value assigned to a logon, it may be
impossible to determine for certain that a program assigns the
value you wanted."

"But does the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle apply to data
particles?"
 
"I'm not certain."
 
"Is there anything else you want to tell me?"
 
"No.  Let me know how you make out with your new products."
 
"Certainly.  And let me know when you find an anti-logon."
 
"Actually, since it will allow us to print and mail the report
before we write it, you may know about it before we do."
 
"That's enough.  I've got to get back to the office."
 
                             THE END


From ao766@freenet.toronto.on.ca Mon Mar  9 11:51:55 1998
Date: Fri, 27 Feb 1998 18:31:33 GMT
From: Dark Shadow <ao766@freenet.toronto.on.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.humor, alt.humor, rec.humor, rec.humor.d
Subject: Advice

TOP TIPS


Weight watchers.  Avoid that devilish temptation to nibble at the
chocolate bar in the cupboard or fridge by not buying the fucking
thing in the first place, you fat bastards.


Dyslexics.  Try deliberately spelling words wrongly.  This way at
least you have a chance of spelling them correctly.


Bearded men can obtain the appearance of an upper class Arctic
explore by simply applying Tippex to their beards, painting their
noses blue, and cutting off a couple of toes.  It never fails to 
impress the girls.


Give up smoking by sticking one cigarette from each new pack up a
fat  friend's arse, filter first, then replacing it in the box.
The possibility of putting that one in your mouth will put you off
smoking any of them.


Pretend to be Welsh by putting coal dust behind your ears,
talking gibberish and singing all the time.


If a small child is choking on an ice cube, don't panic. Simply
pour a jug of boiling water down its throat and hey presto!  The
blockage is almost instantly removed.


Avoid cutting yourself while clumsily slicing vegetables by
getting someone else to hold them while you chop away.


Housewives: When nipping out to the shops, remember to carry a
stiff broom in the boot of your car. Use it to sweep the broken
glass to the side of the road every time you have a minor accident.


Make people think you have an expensive car phone by calling
them, asking them to repeat everything they say and then hanging up
half way through their reply.


Don't invite drug addicts round for a meal on boxing day. They
may find the offer of cold turkey embarrassing or offensive.


Keep the seat next to you on the train vacant by smiling and
nodding at people as they walk up the aisle.


Save on booze by drinking cold tea instead of whisky. The
following morning you can create the effects of a hangover by
drinking a thimble full of washing up liquid and banging your
head repeatedly on the wall.


Make bathtimes as much fun for kiddies as a visit to the seaside
by pouring a bucket of sand, a bag of salt and a dog turd into the
bath.


Make guests believe your home might be bugged by running your
hands under tables and inside lampshades, then turning the shower
on every time you want to speak.


Increase blind people's electricity bills by switching all their
lights on when their guide dog isn't looking.


Recreate the fun of a visit to a public swimming pool in your own
home by filling the bath with cold water, adding two bottles of
bleach, then urinating into it, before jumping in.


Make your girlfriend cry when you're having sex by phoning her up
and telling her.


Girls.  Too old to go on an 18 to 30 holiday?  Simply get pissed,
lie in  a sand pit in your garden and shag every bloke who looks at
you over the fence.


Bus drivers.  Pretend you're an airline pilot by wedging your
accelerator pedal down with a heavy book, securing the steering
wheel  with some old rope, and then strolling back along the bus
chatting casually to the passengers.


International master criminals.  Tell your guards to shoot James
Bond in the head at the first opportunity.  Under no circumstances
give him a guided tour of your base, or leave him in the custody of
attractive women in bikinis.



-- 
Ian Wood          



Spread It Around!  
Sign up to the Internet's elite source,
Send E-mail to efreem2@alumni.umbc.edu to join 
The Field.


AOD318


http://www.alumni.umbc.edu/~efreem2


Quote of the times;
"The fair request ought to be followed
by the deed, in silence." 
                        - Dante


===========================================================
My Homepage - http://www.jet2.net/~jbaillie
ICQ UIN - 4016080

Under United States law, it is unlawful "to use any
telephone facsimile machine, computer, or other 
device to send an unsolicited advertisement"
http://www.ca-probate.com/faxlaw.htm

Canadian laws against spam:
http://www.stopspam.org/usenet/mmf/laws/canada.html

A service of Netizens Against Gratuitous Spamming
http://www.nags.org/
http://antispam.org/
http://www.cauce.org
===========================================================


 
How to make alcohol...

 __________________________________________________________
|                                                          |
|             The Guys Six Feet Under Present              |
|                                                          |
|        Part I of the Getting Homemade Highs File         |
|                                                          |
|                      -------------                       |
|                      A l c o h o l                       |
|                      -------------                       |
|__________________________________________________________|

     First you must obtain (steal) a holding tank. I recommend those 6 gallon
Alhambra water jugs which are often left on porches and in driveways for
refills.  Just take it off the porch at 3:00 AM and run it home.  Now, put it
where you are going to put your still.  They need to be kept together.  Hide
your still even if you don't have parents that will shit when they see it.
This is illegal by federal law, and you could get busted pretty well.  Make
your still so it is collapsible and you can fit it all into a small box. Hide
the box in your room.  When you are going to use the still, take it out and
hide it behind some bushes where a passing state trooper, snoopy neighbor, or
phed busting you for pirated games won't see it.  Keep the Alhambra jug where
the still is going to be, cause they are way too big to hide anywhere.

     Also, keep your still somewhere with a good breeze or away from people
who will smell it.  When you are fermenting the shit, it will smell like puke
or even worse.  When you are distilling it, your heater might put off smoke.
The alcohol will smell like alcohol, and heated mash smells worse than shit.

     Now go buy a shitload of fresh or frozen whatever (check the list
below).  Frozen corn will be easiest to deal with because it is already cut
off the cob and is very forgiving with beginners.  Besides, it's all part of a
great American tradition: Moonshine!

+--------------------------+------------------------+
|  Ingredient              | Product                |
|--------------------------|------------------------|
|  Rye or Potatoes         |  Vodka                 |
|  Molasses or Sugar Cane  |  Rum                   |
|  Corn                    |  Moonshine             |
|  Wheat or Rye            |  Whiskey               |
|  Barley or Rice          |  Beer                  |
|  Grapes                  |  Wine                  |
|  Apple Juice             |  Hard Cider            |
|  Sake                    |  Rice                  |
+--------------------------+------------------------+

     Put about 10 bags of corn in each jug and no more, because the carbon
dioxide being released sometime pushes it up and out and you could get the
shit all over the ground. What a waste.  Besides, it will start to rot in the
ground and smell even worse.

     Anyway, add just enough lukewarm water to cover the surface and leave
the stuff exposed to air for about 2 weeks at room temperature.  After a few
days it will bubble and look and smell like puke, but that's no problem.  It
should do that.  Just be sure you've got adequate ventilation.

     Installing a small fan in your Alhambra jug is no problem.  Drilling
holes in the sides of plastic with a sharp drill bit is easy.  Drill two holes
near the top, where there won't be any corn (fans do tend to heat up and short
circuit when exposed to water) and insert two tubes. Make the fan blowing air
into your jug, and not out.  The mist from the mash will wear it down after a
while.

     Now, for the still.  This is complicated, so bear with us.  First, take a
big beaker or something like it and put a big tube going out the top.  You
should glue around this tube, so none of the gas will escape.  Now, run a
smaller tube into the side of the bigger tube, and connect a valve to it.
Now,
connect the other side of the valve to your huge thing of fermented whatever,
but make sure the tube connects at the bottom and goes straight across so the
pressure of the water will push it along the pipe (pumps get too messy).  I
mount my Alhambra jug on bricks, so now the whole thing looks like this:

           |            |  |
 Fermented |   __ __    |  |
    Shit   |_____|______|  |
___________/----|_|-----,  |
  |      |     Valve    |--|
  |------|              /  \
  |Bricks|             /    \
  |------|            /Beaker\
  |______|           (________)


     Now, bend the big pipe around, so it is pointing down at a 45 degree
angle.  Connect a bigger pipe to it.  This will be the condenser.  Connect a
small pipe leading out of the condenser to a big cup or something that you
will catch your 200 proof alcohol in.  Also, make a rack to put the beaker on,
so you can put a can of sterno or a bunsen burner under it.  I would recommend
putting a thermometer inside the beaker, so you can leave the temperature just
above the boiling point of alcohol.  If you don't, you won't get very strong
alcohol.
                          ________
           |             /  ____  \
 Fermented |   __ __    /  /    \  \/\
    Shit   |_____|______|  |     \    \
___________/----|_|-----,  |     /cond-\
  |      |     Valve    |--|     \ enser>
  |------|              /  \      \    /
  |Bricks|             /    \      \  /
  |------|            /Beaker\      \ \_____________
  |      |           (________)      \-------------,|
  |------|           /   /\    \        ^ Pipe ^   ||
  |      |          |    \/     |              |___________|
  |------|          |  __||__   |              |  Alcohol  |
  |______|          | |Sterno|  |               \_________/

     Everything should be a little farther apart than depicted in the picture,
but I only wanted to use 60 columns (80 columns with 1 inch margins).
However, the longer the tube leading away from the beaker to the condenser,
the longer the distillation process will take, so keep that quite close.
If you get the alcohol too close to the flame, it might evaporate.  Keep that
at the end of a long pipe.

     Now, there is only one last step.  Take a very long length of surgical
tubing (the stuff they make water weenies out of) and wrap it around the
condenser, leaving almost no space in between coils.  I usually wrap some duct
tape around the tubing so it keeps it in place and insulates it a bit.  Now,
run one end of the tubing to mom's flower garden and the other end to a
valve.  Connect the other end of the valve to a hose or some other cold water
source.  Don't do anything stupid like use liquid nitrogen instead of water
cause it won't speed up the distilling process.  This is what the finished
still should look like:
                          ________
           |             /  ____  \  ______
 Fermented |   __ __    /  /    \  \/,----- -=> Heated
    Shit   |_____|______|  |     \  / \   __ __  Water
___________/----|_|-----,  |     / / / \____|__
  |      |     Valve    |--|     \/ / / >--|_|- <=- Cold
  |------|              /  \      \/ / /  Valve     Water
  |Bricks|             /    \      \/ /
  |------|            /Beaker\      \ \_____________
  |      |           (________)      \-------------,|
  |------|           /   /\   \         ^ Pipe ^   ||
  |      |          |    \/    |               |___________|
  |------|          |  __||__  |               |  Alcohol  |
  |______|          | |Sterno| |                \_________/

     A friend of mine was going to be doing a lot of distilling cause he made
a HUGE still.  He was going first- class.  He lived near a creek that stayed
pretty cool, so he was going to figure out how to use that unlimited supply of
water.  The creek grew plenty of bushes, so he hid his still in them.  He even
painted the valves green and stuck them out of the bushes and glued leaves on
to them so nobody could tell it was a still.  But he still didn't have any
water.  He couldn't have a small electric pump, cause he didn't have any
electricity.

     As it turns out, he now has 4 lengths of surgical tubing going down to
the water, around his (superhuge) condenser.  He made a rock and concrete dam
about 3.5 feet high, to get a fast stream of suction.  He  then ran the tubes
down to below the dam, and sucked on them.  He siphons the water up and out of
the creek, through the condenser, and back into the creek.  His still is
awesome!  That thing can run as much as he wants it too, cause he isn't
wasting any water, and it won't show up on any water bill.

     If you are going to be distilling a lot of stuff, you better make a tube
going out of the bottom of the beaker so you can dump out the water and
garbage and every now and then.  Of course, connect it to a valve, so you
won't loose any precious alcohol that's trying to turn into steam in the
beaker.  Make sure any tubes (like this one) aren't made out of glass and can
melt.  It's bad when tubes melt, cause that means you have to rebuild the
still almost from scratch.

     Now that you've got it all set up and the corn (or whatever) is fermented
and hooked up to the beaker, turn the valve on a bit to drip some puke of your
Alhambra jug into your beaker.  Turn on the sterno or bunsen burner to a high
flame so it will heat up the beaker.  Turn on the cold-water valve so you have
cold water flowing around the condenser at a trickle.  If the water coming out
of the condenser is cold, turn the valve so even less water is coming out,
because you don't want to use too much water.  But, if it's warm, it's not
doing its job.  Keep the water coming out about lukewarm.

     As this thing's just starting up, keep a good eye on your thermometer.
You want to keep the temperature just above the boiling point of alcohol
(which is less than the boiling point of water: 212 degrees).  This is so you
can separate the water from the alcohol by turning only the alcohol into
steam, and you can get better stuff.  If you're not sure of the boiling point
of alcohol, ask your science teacher, or look it up, cause I don't know
either.

     Now, watch it, and adjust the valves so the fermented stuff coming out of
the Alhambra jug just equals the steam going up the pipe, and it won't fill up
or boil dry.  Adjust the cold water valve so the water coming out of the
surgical tubing is slightly warm.  Now, wait.  Read a book or download another
Six Feet Under production, but always keep an eye on the still.  When the
Alhambra jug is empty and the beaker is dry, you are done.  Don't expect this
to go very quick, however.

     If you like almost pure alcohol, distill it again.  If you do it right,
you could have no water at all inside your liquid high.  However, even I
haven't been able to get a batch that good.  All it takes is practice and
getting to know your still.  They all have different personalities.

     You now have around 198 proof ethyl alcohol in that collecting cup.  Pour
the alcohol through activated charcoal to remove that nasty shit that makes
you retarded and blind. The stuff is now safe to drink, but don't.  One swig
of 200 proof alcohol will probably kill you.  150 proof is only for
experienced drinkers (derelicts).  The highest proof I've ever had is 138, and
it must have been the worst experience of my life.

     Now, mix it in with about 3 parts alcohol and 5 parts Kool-Aid or
distilled water or something.  The more Kool-Aid or water, the less the
proofage.  To give you an idea, beer is around 6 proof, wine coolers are
around 12, and wine is around 20.  I wouldn't recommend more than 100 proof at
all. If this is your first time, make sure you have a little bit alcohol and a
shitload of Kool-Aid.  You probably won't notice the taste or overdose that
way.

     If it goes wrong, keep trying.  Usually the first time, the stuff will
taste like shit and be almost all water.  It just takes some practice.  Also,
proof is roughly percentage times 2.  50% alcohol is 100 proof alcohol.  100%
is way too high to drink.  Never go above 75 percent alcohol (3 parts alcohol,
1 part something else), which is 150 proof.  That shit could kill you.

Coming soon: Part II of Homemade Highs: How to smoke pot.

See ya then....

            ///////////////////////////////////////////////////////
            //               The PIRATES' HOLLOW                 //
            //                  415-236-2371                     //
            //         over 12 Megs of Elite Text Files          //
            //                  ROR-ALUCARD                      //
            //             Sysop: Doctor Murdock                 //
            // C0-Sysops: That One, Sir Death, Sid Gnarly & Finn //
            //                                                   //
            //    "The Gates of Hell are open night and day;     //
            //     Smooth is the Descent, and Easy is the way.." //
            ///////////////////////////////////////////////////////
 

[pg/etext91/aesop11.txt]





Aesop's Fables Translated by George Fyler Townsend 



 
The Wolf and the Lamb 
 
WOLF, meeting with a Lamb astray from the fold, resolved not to
lay violent hands on him, but to find some plea to justify to the
Lamb the Wolf's right to eat him.  He thus addressed him:
"Sirrah, last year you grossly insulted me."  "Indeed," bleated
the Lamb in a mournful tone of voice, "I was not then born."  Then
said the Wolf, "You feed in my pasture."  "No, good sir," replied
the Lamb, "I have not yet tasted grass."  Again said the Wolf,
"You drink of my well."  "No," exclaimed the Lamb, "I never yet
drank water, for as yet my mother's milk is both food and drink
to me."  Upon which the Wolf seized him and ate him up, saying,
"Well! I won't remain supperless, even though you refute every
one of my imputations."  The tyrant will always find a pretext for
his tyranny.   


The Bat and the Weasels 
 
A BAT who fell upon the ground and was caught by a Weasel pleaded
to be spared his life.  The Weasel refused, saying that he was by
nature the enemy of all birds.  The Bat assured him that he was
not a bird, but a mouse, and thus was set free.  Shortly
afterwards the Bat again fell to the ground and was caught by
another Weasel, whom he likewise entreated not to eat him.  The
Weasel said that he had a special hostility to mice.  The Bat
assured him that he was not a mouse, but a bat, and thus a second
time escaped.  
 
It is wise to turn circumstances to good account.  

 
The Ass and the Grasshopper 
 
AN ASS having heard some Grasshoppers chirping, was highly
enchanted; and, desiring to possess the same charms of melody,
demanded what sort of food they lived on to give them such
beautiful voices.  They replied, "The dew."  The Ass resolved that
he would live only upon dew, and in a short time died of hunger. 

 
The Lion and the Mouse 
 
A LION was awakened from sleep by a Mouse running over his face. 
Rising up angrily, he caught him and was about to kill him, when
the Mouse piteously entreated, saying:  "If you would only spare
my life, I would be sure to repay your kindness."  The Lion
laughed and let him go.  It happened shortly after this that the
Lion was caught by some hunters, who bound him by st ropes to the
ground.  The Mouse, recognizing his roar, came gnawed the rope
with his teeth, and set him free, exclaim 
 
"You ridiculed the idea of my ever being able to help you,
expecting to receive from me any repayment of your favor; I now
you know that it is possible for even a Mouse to con benefits on
a Lion."  
 

The Charcoal-Burner and the Fuller 
 
A CHARCOAL-BURNER carried on his trade in his own house.  One day
he met a friend, a Fuller, and entreated him to come and live
with him, saying that they should be far better neighbors and
that their housekeeping expenses would be lessened.  The Fuller
replied, "The arrangement is impossible as far as I am concerned,
for whatever I should whiten, you would immediately blacken again
with your charcoal."  
 
Like will draw like.   


The Father and His Sons 
 
A FATHER had a family of sons who were perpetually quarreling
among themselves.  When he failed to heal their disputes by his
exhortations, he determined to give them a practical illustration
of the evils of disunion; and for this purpose he one day told
them to bring him a bundle of sticks.  When they had done so, he
placed the faggot into the hands of each of them in succession,
and ordered them to break it in pieces.  They tried with all
their strength, and were not able to do it.  He next opened the
faggot, took the sticks separately, one by one, and again put
them into his sons' hands, upon which they broke them easily.  He
then addressed them in these words:  "My sons, if you are of one
mind, and unite to assist each other, you will be as this faggot,
uninjured by all the attempts of your enemies; but if you are
divided among yourselves, you will be broken as easily as these
sticks."  
 

The Boy Hunting Locusts 
 
A BOY was hunting for locusts.  He had caught a goodly number,
when he saw a Scorpion, and mistaking him for a locust, reached
out his hand to take him.  The Scorpion, showing his sting, said:
If you had but touched me, my friend, you would have lost me, and
all your locusts too!"  
 

The Cock and the Jewel 
 
A COCK, scratching for food for himself and his hens, found a
precious stone and exclaimed:  "If your owner had found thee, and
not I, he would have taken thee up, and have set thee in thy
first estate; but I have found thee for no purpose.  I would
rather have one barleycorn than all the jewels in the world."  
 

The Kingdom of the Lion 
 
THE BEASTS of the field and forest had a Lion as their king.  He
was neither wrathful, cruel, nor tyrannical, but just and gentle
as a king could be.  During his reign he made a royal
proclamation for a general assembly of all the birds and beasts,
and drew up conditions for a universal league, in which the Wolf
and the Lamb, the Panther and the Kid, the Tiger and the Stag,
the Dog and the Hare, should live together in perfect peace and
amity.  The Hare said, "Oh, how I have longed to see this day, in
which the weak shall take their place with impunity by the side
of the strong."  And after the Hare said this, he ran for his
life.  
 

The Wolf and the Crane 
 
A WOLF who had a bone stuck in his throat hired a Crane, for a
large sum, to put her head into his mouth and draw out the bone. 
When the Crane had extracted the bone and demanded the promised
payment, the Wolf, grinning and grinding his teeth, exclaimed:
"Why, you have surely already had a sufficient recompense, in
having been permitted to draw out your head in safety from the
mouth and jaws of a wolf."  
 
In serving the wicked, expect no reward, and be thankful if you
escape injury for your pains.  
 

The Fisherman Piping 
 
A FISHERMAN skilled in music took his flute and his nets to the
seashore.  Standing on a projecting rock, he played several tunes
in the hope that the fish, attracted by his melody, would of
their own accord dance into his net, which he had placed below. 
At last, having long waited in vain, he laid aside his flute, and
casting his net into the sea, made an excellent haul of fish. 
When he saw them leaping about in the net upon the rock he said:
"O you most perverse creatures, when I piped you would not dance,
but now that I have ceased you do so merrily."  
 

Hercules and the Wagoner 
 
A CARTER was driving a wagon along a country lane, when the
wheels sank down deep into a rut.  The rustic driver, stupefied
and aghast, stood looking at the wagon, and did nothing but utter
loud cries to Hercules to come and help him.  Hercules, it is
said, appeared and thus addressed him:  "Put your shoulders to the
wheels, my man.  Goad on your bullocks, and never more pray to me
for help, until you have done your best to help yourself, or
depend upon it you will henceforth pray in vain."  
 
Self-help is the best help.   


The Ants and the Grasshopper 
 
THE ANTS were spending a fine winter's day drying grain collected
in the summertime.  A Grasshopper, perishing with famine, passed
by and earnestly begged for a little food.  The Ants inquired of
him, "Why did you not treasure up food during the summer?'  He
replied, "I had not leisure enough.  I passed the days in
singing."  They then said in derision:  "If you were foolish enough
to sing all the summer, you must dance supperless to bed in the
winter."  
 

The Traveler and His Dog 
 
A TRAVELER about to set out on a journey saw his Dog stand at the
door stretching himself.  He asked him sharply:  "Why do you stand
there gaping? Everything is ready but you, so come with me
instantly."  The Dog, wagging his tail, replied:  "O, master! I am
quite ready; it is you for whom I am waiting."  
 
The loiterer often blames delay on his more active friend.  
 

The Dog and the Shadow 
 
A DOG, crossing a bridge over a stream with a piece of flesh in
his mouth, saw his own shadow in the water and took it for that
of another Dog, with a piece of meat double his own in size.  He
immediately let go of his own, and fiercely attacked the other
Dog to get his larger piece from him.  He thus lost both:  that
which he grasped at in the water, because it was a shadow; and
his own, because the stream swept it away.  
 

The Mole and His Mother 
 
A MOLE, a creature blind from birth, once said to his Mother:  "I
am sure than I can see, Mother!"  In the desire to prove to him
his mistake, his Mother placed before him a few grains of
frankincense, and asked, "What is it?'  The young Mole said, "It
is a pebble."  His Mother exclaimed:  "My son, I am afraid that you
are not only blind, but that you have lost your sense of smell.  
 

The Herdsman and the Lost Bull 
 
A HERDSMAN tending his flock in a forest lost a Bull-calf from
the fold.  After a long and fruitless search, he made a vow that,
if he could only discover the thief who had stolen the Calf, he
would offer a lamb in sacrifice to Hermes, Pan, and the Guardian
Deities of the forest.  Not long afterwards, as he ascended a
small hillock, he saw at its foot a Lion feeding on the Calf. 
Terrified at the sight, he lifted his eyes and his hands to
heaven, and said:  "Just now I vowed to offer a lamb to the
Guardian Deities of the forest if I could only find out who had
robbed me; but now that I have discovered the thief, I would
willingly add a full-grown Bull to the Calf I have lost, if I may
only secure my own escape from him in safety."  
 

The Hare and the Tortoise 
 
A HARE one day ridiculed the short feet and slow pace of the
Tortoise, who replied, laughing:  "Though you be swift as the
wind, I will beat you in a race."  The Hare, believing her
assertion to be simply impossible, assented to the proposal; and
they agreed that the Fox should choose the course and fix the
goal.  On the day appointed for the race the two started
together.  The Tortoise never for a moment stopped, but went on
with a slow but steady pace straight to the end of the course. 
The Hare, lying down by the wayside, fell fast asleep.  At last
waking up, and moving as fast as he could, he saw the Tortoise
had reached the goal, and was comfortably dozing after her
fatigue.  
 
Slow but steady wins the race.  
 

The Pomegranate, Apple-Tree, and Bramble 
 
THE POMEGRANATE and Apple-Tree disputed as to which was the most
beautiful.  When their strife was at its height, a Bramble from
the neighboring hedge lifted up its voice, and said in a boastful
tone:  "Pray, my dear friends, in my presence at least cease from
such vain disputings."  
 

The Farmer and the Stork 
 
A FARMER placed nets on his newly-sown plowlands and caught a
number of Cranes, which came to pick up his seed.  With them he
trapped a Stork that had fractured his leg in the net and was
earnestly beseeching the Farmer to spare his life.  "Pray save
me, Master," he said, "and let me go free this once.  My broken
limb should excite your pity.  Besides, I am no Crane, I am a
Stork, a bird of excellent character; and see how I love and
slave for my father and mother.  Look too, at my feathers--
they are not the least like those of a Crane."   The Farmer 
laughed aloud and said, "It may be all as you say, I only know 
this:  I have taken you with these robbers, the Cranes, and you 
must die in their company."  
 
Birds of a feather flock together.   


The Farmer and the Snake 
 
ONE WINTER a Farmer found a Snake stiff and frozen with cold.  He
had compassion on it, and taking it up, placed it in his bosom. 
The Snake was quickly revived by the warmth, and resuming its
natural instincts, bit its benefactor, inflicting on him a mortal
wound.  "Oh," cried the Farmer with his last breath, "I am
rightly served for pitying a scoundrel."  
 
The greatest kindness will not bind the ungrateful.  
 

The Fawn and His Mother 
 
A YOUNG FAWN once said to his Mother, "You are larger than a dog,
and swifter, and more used to running, and you have your horns as
a defense; why, then, O Mother! do the hounds frighten you so?"
She smiled, and said:  "I know full well, my son, that all you say
is true.  I have the advantages you mention, but when I hear even
the bark of a single dog I feel ready to faint, and fly away as
fast as I can."  
 
No arguments will give courage to the coward.  
 

The Bear and the Fox 
 
A BEAR boasted very much of his philanthropy, saying that of all
animals he was the most tender in his regard for man, for he had
such respect for him that he would not even touch his dead body. 
A Fox hearing these words said with a smile to the Bear, "Oh!
that you would eat the dead and not the living."  
 

The Swallow and the Crow 
 
THE SWALLOW and the Crow had a contention about their plumage. 
The Crow put an end to the dispute by saying, "Your feathers are
all very well in the spring, but mine protect me against the
winter."  
 
Fair weather friends are not worth much.  
 

The Mountain in Labor 
 
A MOUNTAIN was once greatly agitated.  Loud groans and noises
were heard, and crowds of people came from all parts to see what
was the matter.  While they were assembled in anxious expectation
of some terrible calamity, out came a Mouse.  
 
Don't make much ado about nothing.  
 

The Ass, the Fox, and the Lion 
 
THE ASS and the Fox, having entered into partnership together for
their mutual protection, went out into the forest to hunt.  They
had not proceeded far when they met a Lion.  The Fox, seeing
imminent danger, approached the Lion and promised to contrive for
him the capture of the Ass if the Lion would pledge his word not
to harm the Fox.  Then, upon assuring the Ass that he would not
be injured, the Fox led him to a deep pit and arranged that he
should fall into it.  The Lion, seeing that the Ass was secured,
immediately clutched the Fox, and attacked the Ass at his
leisure.  
 

The Tortoise and the Eagle  

A TORTOISE, lazily basking in the sun, complained to the
sea-birds of her hard fate, that no one would teach her to fly. 
An Eagle, hovering near, heard her lamentation and demanded what
reward she would give him if he would take her aloft and float
her in the air.  "I will give you," she said, "all the riches of
the Red Sea."  "I will teach you to fly then," said the Eagle; and
taking her up in his talons he carried her almost to the clouds 
suddenly he let her go, and she fell on a lofty mountain, dashing
her shell to pieces.  The Tortoise exclaimed in the moment of
death:  "I have deserved my present fate; for what had I to do
with wings and clouds, who can with difficulty move about on the
earth?'  
 
If men had all they wished, they would be often ruined.   


The Flies and the Honey-Pot 
 
A NUMBER of Flies were attracted to a jar of honey which had been
overturned in a housekeeper's room, and placing their feet in it,
ate greedily.  Their feet, however, became so smeared with the
honey that they could not use their wings, nor release
themselves, and were suffocated.  Just as they were expiring,
they exclaimed, "O foolish creatures that we are, for the sake of
a little pleasure we have destroyed ourselves."  
 
Pleasure bought with pains, hurts.  
 

The Man and the Lion 
 
A MAN and a Lion traveled together through the forest.  They soon
began to boast of their respective superiority to each other in
strength and prowess.  As they were disputing, they passed a
statue carved in stone, which represented "a Lion strangled by a
Man."  The traveler pointed to it and said:  "See there! How strong
we are, and how we prevail over even the king of beasts."  The
Lion replied:  "This statue was made by one of you men.  If we
Lions knew how to erect statues, you would see the Man placed
under the paw of the Lion."  
 
One story is good, till another is told.  
 

The Farmer and the Cranes 
 
SOME CRANES made their feeding grounds on some plowlands newly
sown with wheat.  For a long time the Farmer, brandishing an
empty sling, chased them away by the terror he inspired; but when
the birds found that the sling was only swung in the air, they
ceased to take any notice of it and would not move.  The Farmer,
on seeing this, charged his sling with stones, and killed a great
number.  The remaining birds at once forsook his fields, crying
to each other, "It is time for us to be off to Liliput:  for this
man is no longer content to scare us, but begins to show us in
earnest what he can do."  
 
If words suffice not, blows must follow.  
 

The Dog in the Manger 
 
A DOG lay in a manger, and by his growling and snapping prevented
the oxen from eating the hay which had been placed for them. 
"What a selfish Dog!"  said one of them to his companions; "he
cannot eat the hay himself, and yet refuses to allow those to eat
who can."  
 

The Fox and the Goat 
 
A FOX one day fell into a deep well and could find no means of
escape.  A Goat, overcome with thirst, came to the same well, and
seeing the Fox, inquired if the water was good.  Concealing his
sad plight under a merry guise, the Fox indulged in a lavish
praise of the water, saying it was excellent beyond measure, and
encouraging him to descend.  The Goat, mindful only of his
thirst, thoughtlessly jumped down, but just as he drank, the Fox
informed him of the difficulty they were both in and suggested a
scheme for their common escape.  "If," said he, "you will place
your forefeet upon the wall and bend your head, I will run up
your back and escape, and will help you out afterwards."  The Goat
readily assented and the Fox leaped upon his back.  Steadying
himself with the Goat's horns, he safely reached the mouth of the
well and made off as fast as he could.  When the Goat upbraided
him for breaking his promise, he turned around and cried out,
"You foolish old fellow! If you had as many brains in your head
as you have hairs in your beard, you would never have gone down
before you had inspected the way up, nor have exposed yourself to
dangers from which you had no means of escape."  
 
Look before you leap.  
 

The Bear and the Two Travelers 
 
TWO MEN were traveling together, when a Bear suddenly met them on
their path.  One of them climbed up quickly into a tree and
concealed himself in the branches.  The other, seeing that he
must be attacked, fell flat on the ground, and when the Bear came
up and felt him with his snout, and smelt him all over, he held
his breath, and feigned the appearance of death as much as he
could.  The Bear soon left him, for it is said he will not touch
a dead body.  When he was quite gone, the other Traveler
descended from the tree, and jocularly inquired of his friend
what it was the Bear had whispered in his ear.  "He gave me this
advice," his companion replied.  "Never travel with a friend who
deserts you at the approach of danger."  
 
Misfortune tests the sincerity of friends.  
 

The Oxen and the Axle-Trees 
 
A HEAVY WAGON was being dragged along a country lane by a team of
Oxen.  The Axle-trees groaned and creaked terribly; whereupon the
Oxen, turning round, thus addressed the wheels:  "Hullo there! why
do you make so much noise? We bear all the labor, and we, not
you, ought to cry out."  
 
Those who suffer most cry out the least.  
 

The Thirsty Pigeon 
 
A PIGEON, oppressed by excessive thirst, saw a goblet of water
painted on a signboard.  Not supposing it to be only a picture,
she flew towards it with a loud whir and unwittingly dashed
against the signboard, jarring herself terribly.  Having broken
her wings by the blow, she fell to the ground, and was caught by
one of the bystanders.  
 
Zeal should not outrun discretion.  
 

The Raven and the Swan 
 
A RAVEN saw a Swan and desired to secure for himself the same
beautiful plumage.  Supposing that the Swan's splendid white
color arose from his washing in the water in which he swam, the
Raven left the altars in the neighborhood where he picked up his
living, and took up residence in the lakes and pools.  But
cleansing his feathers as often as he would, he could not change
their color, while through want of food he perished.  
 
Change of habit cannot alter Nature.  
 

The Goat and the Goatherd 
 
A GOATHERD had sought to bring back a stray goat to his flock. 
He whistled and sounded his horn in vain; the straggler paid no
attention to the summons.  At last the Goatherd threw a stone,
and breaking its horn, begged the Goat not to tell his master. 
The Goat replied, "Why, you silly fellow, the horn will speak
though I be silent."  
 
Do not attempt to hide things which cannot be hid.  
 

The Miser 
 
A MISER sold all that he had and bought a lump of gold, which he
buried in a hole in the ground by the side of an old wall and
went to look at daily.  One of his workmen observed his frequent
visits to the spot and decided to watch his movements.  He soon
discovered the secret of the hidden treasure, and digging down,
came to the lump of gold, and stole it.  The Miser, on his next
visit, found the hole empty and began to tear his hair and to
make loud lamentations.  A neighbor, seeing him overcome with
grief and learning the cause, said, "Pray do not grieve so; but
go and take a stone, and place it in the hole, and fancy that the
gold is still lying there.  It will do you quite the same
service; for when the gold was there, you had it not, as you did
not make the slightest use of it."  
 

The Sick Lion 
 
A LION, unable from old age and infirmities to provide himself
with food by force, resolved to do so by artifice.  He returned
to his den, and lying down there, pretended to be sick, taking
care that his sickness should be publicly known.  The beasts
expressed their sorrow, and came one by one to his den, where the
Lion devoured them.  After many of the beasts had thus
disappeared, the Fox discovered the trick and presenting himself
to the Lion, stood on the outside of the cave, at a respectful
distance, and asked him how he was.  "I am very middling,"
replied the Lion, "but why do you stand without? Pray enter
within to talk with me."  "No, thank you," said the Fox.  "I
notice that there are many prints of feet entering your cave, but
I see no trace of any returning."  
 
He is wise who is warned by the misfortunes of others.  
 

The Horse and Groom 
 
A GROOM used to spend whole days in currycombing and rubbing down
his Horse, but at the same time stole his oats and sold them for
his own profit.  "Alas!"  said the Horse, "if you really wish me
to be in good condition, you should groom me less, and feed me
more."  
 

The Ass and the Lapdog 
 
A MAN had an Ass, and a Maltese Lapdog, a very great beauty.  The
Ass was left in a stable and had plenty of oats and hay to eat,
just as any other Ass would.  The Lapdog knew many tricks and was
a great favorite with his master, who often fondled him and
seldom went out to dine without bringing him home some tidbit to
eat.  The Ass, on the contrary, had much work to do in grinding
the corn-mill and in carrying wood from the forest or burdens
from the farm.  He often lamented his own hard fate and
contrasted it with the luxury and idleness of the Lapdog, till at
last one day he broke his cords and halter, and galloped into his
master's house, kicking up his heels without measure, and
frisking and fawning as well as he could.  He next tried to jump
about his master as he had seen the Lapdog do, but he broke the
table and smashed all the dishes upon it to atoms.  He then
attempted to lick his master, and jumped upon his back.  The
servants, hearing the strange hubbub and perceiving the danger of
their master, quickly relieved him, and drove out the Ass to his
stable with kicks and clubs and cuffs.  The Ass, as he returned
to his stall beaten nearly to death, thus lamented:  "I have
brought it all on myself! Why could I not have been contented to
labor with my companions, and not wish to be idle all the day
like that useless little Lapdog!"  
 

The Lioness 
 
A CONTROVERSY prevailed among the beasts of the field as to which
of the animals deserved the most credit for producing the
greatest number of whelps at a birth.  They rushed clamorously
into the presence of the Lioness and demanded of her the
settlement of the dispute.  "And you," they said, "how many sons
have you at a birth?'  The Lioness laughed at them, and said:
"Why! I have only one; but that one is altogether a thoroughbred
Lion."  
 
The value is in the worth, not in the number.  
 

The Boasting Traveler 
 
A MAN who had traveled in foreign lands boasted very much, on
returning to his own country, of the many wonderful and heroic
feats he had performed in the different places he had visited. 
Among other things, he said that when he was at Rhodes he had
leaped to such a distance that no man of his day could leap
anywhere near him as to that, there were in Rhodes many persons 
who saw him do it and whom he could call as witnesses.  One of 
the bystanders interrupted him, saying:  "Now, my good man, if 
this be all true there is no need of witnesses.  Suppose this 
to be Rhodes, and leap for us."  
 

The Cat and the Cock 
 
A CAT caught a Cock, and pondered how he might find a reasonable
excuse for eating him.  He accused him of being a nuisance to men
by crowing in the nighttime and not permitting them to sleep. 
The Cock defended himself by saying that he did this for the
benefit of men, that they might rise in time for their labors. 
The Cat replied, "Although you abound in specious apologies, I
shall not remain supperless"; and he made a meal of him.  
 

The Piglet, the Sheep, and the Goat 
 
A YOUNG PIG was shut up in a fold-yard with a Goat and a Sheep. 
On one occasion when the shepherd laid hold of him, he grunted
and squeaked and resisted violently.  The Sheep and the Goat
complained of his distressing cries, saying, "He often handles
us, and we do not cry out."  To this the Pig replied, "Your
handling and mine are very different things.  He catches you only
for your wool, or your milk, but he lays hold on me for my very
life."  
 

The Boy and the Filberts 
 
A BOY put his hand into a pitcher full of filberts.  He grasped
as many as he could possibly hold, but when he tried to pull out
his hand, he was prevented from doing so by the neck of the
pitcher.  Unwilling to lose his filberts, and yet unable to
withdraw his hand, he burst into tears and bitterly lamented his
disappointment.  A bystander said to him, "Be satisfied with half
the quantity, and you will readily draw out your hand."  
 
Do not attempt too much at once.  
 

The Lion in Love 
 
A LION demanded the daughter of a woodcutter in marriage.  The
Father, unwilling to grant, and yet afraid to refuse his request,
hit upon this expedient to rid himself of his importunities.  He
expressed his willingness to accept the Lion as the suitor of his
daughter on one condition:  that he should allow him to extract
his teeth, and cut off his claws, as his daughter was fearfully
afraid of both.  The Lion cheerfully assented to the proposal. 
But when the toothless, clawless Lion returned to repeat his
request, the Woodman, no longer afraid, set upon him with his
club, and drove him away into the forest.  
 

The Laborer and the Snake 
 
A SNAKE, having made his hole close to the porch of a cottage,
inflicted a mortal bite on the Cottager's infant son.  Grieving
over his loss, the Father resolved to kill the Snake.  The next
day, when it came out of its hole for food, he took up his axe,
but by swinging too hastily, missed its head and cut off only the
end of its tail.  After some time the Cottager, afraid that the
Snake would bite him also, endeavored to make peace, and placed
some bread and salt in the hole.  The Snake, slightly hissing,
said:  "There can henceforth be no peace between us; for whenever
I see you I shall remember the loss of my tail, and whenever you
see me you will be thinking of the death of your son."  
 
No one truly forgets injuries in the presence of him who caused
the injury.  
 

The Wolf in Sheep's Clothing 
 
ONCE UPON A TIME a Wolf resolved to disguise his appearance in
order to secure food more easily.  Encased in the skin of a
sheep, he pastured with the flock deceiving the shepherd by his
costume.  In the evening he was shut up by the shepherd in the
fold; the gate was closed, and the entrance made thoroughly
secure.  But the shepherd, returning to the fold during the night
to obtain meat for the next day, mistakenly caught up the Wolf
instead of a sheep, and killed him instantly.  
 
Harm seek.  harm find.  
 

The Ass and the Mule 
 
A MULETEER set forth on a journey, driving before him an Ass and
a Mule, both well laden.  The Ass, as long as he traveled along
the plain, carried his load with ease, but when he began to
ascend the steep path of the mountain, felt his load to be more
than he could bear.  He entreated his companion to relieve him of
a small portion, that he might carry home the rest; but the Mule
paid no attention to the request.  The Ass shortly afterwards
fell down dead under his burden.  Not knowing what else to do in
so wild a region, the Muleteer placed upon the Mule the load
carried by the Ass in addition to his own, and at the top of all
placed the hide of the Ass, after he had skinned him.  The Mule,
groaning beneath his heavy burden, said to himself:  "I am treated
according to my deserts.  If I had only been willing to assist
the Ass a little in his need, I should not now be bearing,
together with his burden, himself as well."  
 

The Frogs Asking for a King 
 
THE FROGS, grieved at having no established Ruler, sent
ambassadors to Jupiter entreating for a King.  Perceiving their
simplicity, he cast down a huge log into the lake.  The Frogs
were terrified at the splash occasioned by its fall and hid
themselves in the depths of the pool.  But as soon as they
realized that the huge log was motionless, they swam again to the
top of the water, dismissed their fears, climbed up, and began
squatting on it in contempt.  After some time they began to think
themselves ill-treated in the appointment of so inert a Ruler,
and sent a second deputation to Jupiter to pray that he would set
over them another sovereign.  He then gave them an Eel to govern
them.  When the Frogs discovered his easy good nature, they sent
yet a third time to Jupiter to beg him to choose for them still
another King.  Jupiter, displeased with all their complaints,
sent a Heron, who preyed upon the Frogs day by day till there
were none left to croak upon the lake.  
 

The Boys and the Frogs 
 
SOME BOYS, playing near a pond, saw a number of Frogs in the
water and began to pelt them with stones.  They killed several of
them, when one of the Frogs, lifting his head out of the water,
cried out:  "Pray stop, my boys:  what is sport to you, is death to
us."  
 

The Sick Stag 
 
A SICK STAG lay down in a quiet corner of its pasture-ground. 
His companions came in great numbers to inquire after his health,
and each one helped himself to a share of the food which had been
placed for his use; so that he died, not from his sickness, but
from the failure of the means of living.  
 
Evil companions bring more hurt than profit.  
 

The Salt Merchant and His Ass 
 
A PEDDLER drove his Ass to the seashore to buy salt.  His road
home lay across a stream into which his Ass, making a false step,
fell by accident and rose up again with his load considerably
lighter, as the water melted the sack.  The Peddler retraced his
steps and refilled his panniers with a larger quantity of salt
than before.  When he came again to the stream, the Ass fell down
on purpose in the same spot, and, regaining his feet with the
weight of his load much diminished, brayed triumphantly as if he
had obtained what he desired.  The Peddler saw through his trick
and drove him for the third time to the coast, where he bought a
cargo of sponges instead of salt.  The Ass, again playing the
fool, fell down on purpose when he reached the stream, but the
sponges became swollen with water, greatly increasing his load. 
And thus his trick recoiled on him, for he now carried on his
back a double burden.  
 

The Oxen and the Butchers 
 
THE OXEN once upon a time sought to destroy the Butchers, who
practiced a trade destructive to their race.  They assembled on a
certain day to carry out their purpose, and sharpened their horns
for the contest.  But one of them who was exceedingly old (for
many a field had he plowed) thus spoke:  "These Butchers, it is
true, slaughter us, but they do so with skillful hands, and with
no unnecessary pain.  If we get rid of them, we shall fall into
the hands of unskillful operators, and thus suffer a double
death:  for you may be assured, that though all the Butchers
should perish, yet will men never want beef."  
 
Do not be in a hurry to change one evil for another.  
 

The Lion, the Mouse, and the Fox 
 
A LION, fatigued by the heat of a summer's day, fell fast asleep
in his den.  A Mouse ran over his mane and ears and woke him from
his slumbers.  He rose up and shook himself in great wrath, and
searched every corner of his den to find the Mouse.  A Fox seeing
him said:  "A fine Lion you are, to be frightened of a Mouse."
"'Tis not the Mouse I fear," said the Lion; "I resent his
familiarity and ill-breeding."  
 
Little liberties are great offenses.  
 

The Vain Jackdaw 
 
JUPITER DETERMINED, it is said, to create a sovereign over the
birds, and made proclamation that on a certain day they should
all present themselves before him, when he would himself choose
the most beautiful among them to be king.  The Jackdaw, knowing
his own ugliness, searched through the woods and fields, and
collected the feathers which had fallen from the wings of his
companions, and stuck them in all parts of his body, hoping
thereby to make himself the most beautiful of all.  When the
appointed day arrived, and the birds had assembled before
Jupiter, the Jackdaw also made his appearance in his many
feathered finery.  But when Jupiter proposed to make him king
because of the beauty of his plumage, the birds indignantly
protested, and each plucked from him his own feathers, leaving
the Jackdaw nothing but a Jackdaw.  
 

The Goatherd and the Wild Goats 
 
A GOATHERD, driving his flock from their pasture at eventide,
found some Wild Goats mingled among them, and shut them up
together with his own for the night.  The next day it snowed very
hard, so that he could not take the herd to their usual feeding
places, but was obliged to keep them in the fold.  He gave his
own goats just sufficient food to keep them alive, but fed the
strangers more abundantly in the hope of enticing them to stay
with him and of making them his own.  When the thaw set in, he
led them all out to feed, and the Wild Goats scampered away as
fast as they could to the mountains.  The Goatherd scolded them
for their ingratitude in leaving him, when during the storm he
had taken more care of them than of his own herd.  One of them,
turning about, said to him:  "That is the very reason why we are
so cautious; for if you yesterday treated us better than the
Goats you have had so long, it is plain also that if others came
after us, you would in the same manner prefer them to ourselves."

 
Old friends cannot with impunity be sacrificed for new ones.  
 

The Mischievous Dog 
 
A DOG used to run up quietly to the heels of everyone he met, and
to bite them without notice.  His master suspended a bell about
his neck so that the Dog might give notice of his presence
wherever he went.  Thinking it a mark of distinction, the Dog
grew proud of his bell and went tinkling it all over the
marketplace.  One day an old hound said to him:  Why do you make
such an exhibition of yourself? That bell that you carry is not,
believe me, any order of merit, but on the contrary a mark of
disgrace, a public notice to all men to avoid you as an ill
mannered dog."  
 
Notoriety is often mistaken for fame.  
 

The Fox Who Had Lost His Tail 
 
A FOX caught in a trap escaped, but in so doing lost his tail. 
Thereafter, feeling his life a burden from the shame and ridicule
to which he was exposed, he schemed to convince all the other
Foxes that being tailless was much more attractive, thus making
up for his own deprivation.  He assembled a good many Foxes and
publicly advised them to cut off their tails, saying that they
would not only look much better without them, but that they would
get rid of the weight of the brush, which was a very great
inconvenience.  One of them interrupting him said, "If you had
not yourself lost your tail, my friend, you would not thus
counsel us."  
 

The Boy and the Nettles 
 
A BOY was stung by a Nettle.  He ran home and told his Mother,
saying, "Although it hurts me very much, I only touched it
gently."  "That was just why it stung you," said his Mother.  "The
next time you touch a Nettle, grasp it boldly, and it will be
soft as silk to your hand, and not in the least hurt you."  
 
Whatever you do, do with all your might.  
 

The Man and His Two Sweethearts 
 
A MIDDLE-AGED MAN, whose hair had begun to turn gray, courted two
women at the same time.  One of them was young, and the other
well advanced in years.  The elder woman, ashamed to be courted
by a man younger than herself, made a point, whenever her admirer
visited her, to pull out some portion of his black hairs.  The
younger, on the contrary, not wishing to become the wife of an
old man, was equally zealous in removing every gray hair she
could find.  Thus it came to pass that between them both he very
soon found that he had not a hair left on his head.  
 
Those who seek to please everybody please nobody.  
 

The Astronomer 
 
AN ASTRONOMER used to go out at night to observe the stars.  One
evening, as he wandered through the suburbs with his whole
attention fixed on the sky, he fell accidentally into a deep
well.  While he lamented and bewailed his sores and bruises, and
cried loudly for help, a neighbor ran to the well, and learning
what had happened said:  "Hark ye, old fellow, why, in striving to
pry into what is in heaven, do you not manage to see what is on
earth?'  
 

The Wolves and the Sheep 
 
"WHY SHOULD there always be this fear and slaughter between us?"
said the Wolves to the Sheep.  "Those evil-disposed Dogs have
much to answer for.  They always bark whenever we approach you
and attack us before we have done any harm.  If you would only
dismiss them from your heels, there might soon be treaties of
peace and reconciliation between us."  The Sheep, poor silly
creatures, were easily beguiled and dismissed the Dogs, whereupon
the Wolves destroyed the unguarded flock at their own pleasure.  
 

The Old Woman and the Physician 
 
AN OLD WOMAN having lost the use of her eyes, called in a
Physician to heal them, and made this bargain with him in the
presence of witnesses:  that if he should cure her blindness, he
should receive from her a sum of money; but if her infirmity
remained, she should give him nothing.  This agreement being
made, the Physician, time after time, applied his salve to her
eyes, and on every visit took something away, stealing all her
property little by little.  And when he had got all she had, he
healed her and demanded the promised payment.  The Old Woman,
when she recovered her sight and saw none of her goods in her
house, would give him nothing.  The Physician insisted on his
claim, and.  as she still refused, summoned her before the Judge. 
The Old Woman, standing up in the Court, argued:  "This man here
speaks the truth in what he says; for I did promise to give him a
sum of money if I should recover my sight:  but if I continued
blind, I was to give him nothing.  Now he declares that I am
healed.  I on the contrary affirm that I am still blind; for when
I lost the use of my eyes, I saw in my house various chattels and
valuable goods:  but now, though he swears I am cured of my
blindness, I am not able to see a single thing in it."  
 

The Fighting Cocks and the Eagle 
 
TWO GAME COCKS were fiercely fighting for the mastery of the
farmyard.  One at last put the other to flight.  The vanquished
Cock skulked away and hid himself in a quiet corner, while the
conqueror, flying up to a high wall, flapped his wings and crowed
exultingly with all his might.  An Eagle sailing through the air
pounced upon him and carried him off in his talons.  The
vanquished Cock immediately came out of his corner, and ruled
henceforth with undisputed mastery.  
 
Pride goes before destruction.  
 

The Charger and the Miller 
 
A CHARGER, feeling the infirmities of age, was sent to work in a
mill instead of going out to battle.  But when he was compelled
to grind instead of serving in the wars, he bewailed his change
of fortune and called to mind his former state, saying, "Ah!
Miller, I had indeed to go campaigning before, but I was barbed
from counter to tail, and a man went along to groom me; and now I
cannot understand what ailed me to prefer the mill before the
battle."  "Forbear," said the Miller to him, "harping on what was
of yore, for it is the common lot of mortals to sustain the ups
and downs of fortune."  
 

The Fox and the Monkey 
 
A MONKEY once danced in an assembly of the Beasts, and so pleased
them all by his performance that they elected him their King.  A
Fox, envying him the honor, discovered a piece of meat lying in a
trap, and leading the Monkey to the place where it was, said that
she had found a store, but had not used it  e had kept it for him
as treasure trove of his kingdom, and counseled him to lay hold
of it.  The Monkey approached carelessly and was caught in the
trap; and on his accusing the Fox of purposely leading him into
the snare, she replied, "O Monkey, and are you, with such a mind
as yours, going to be King over the Beasts?"
 

The Horse and His Rider 
 
A HORSE SOLDIER took the utmost pains with his charger.  As long
as the war lasted, he looked upon him as his fellow-helper in all
emergencies and fed him carefully with hay and corn.  But when
the war was over, he only allowed him chaff to eat and made him
carry heavy loads of wood, subjecting him to much slavish
drudgery and ill-treatment.  War was again proclaimed, however,
and when the trumpet summoned him to his standard, the Soldier
put on his charger its military trappings, and mounted, being
clad in his heavy coat of mail.  The Horse fell down straightway
under the weight, no longer equal to the burden, and said to his
master, "You must now go to the war on foot, for you have
transformed me from a Horse into an Ass; and how can you expect
that I can again turn in a moment from an Ass to a Horse?'  
 

The Belly and the Members 
 
THE MEMBERS of the Body rebelled against the Belly, and said,
"Why should we be perpetually engaged in administering to your
wants, while you do nothing but take your rest, and enjoy
yourself in luxury and self-indulgence?'  The Members carried out
their resolve and refused their assistance to the Belly.  The
whole Body quickly became debilitated, and the hands, feet,
mouth, and eyes, when too late, repented of their folly.  
 

The Vine and the Goat 
 
A VINE was luxuriant in the time of vintage with leaves and
grapes.  A Goat, passing by, nibbled its young tendrils and its
leaves.  The Vine addressed him and said:  "Why do you thus injure
me without a cause, and crop my leaves? Is there no young grass
left? But I shall not have to wait long for my just revenge; for
if you now should crop my leaves, and cut me down to my root, I
shall provide the wine to pour over you when you are led as a
victim to the sacrifice."  
 

Jupiter and the Monkey 
 
JUPITER ISSUED a proclamation to all the beasts of the forest and
promised a royal reward to the one whose offspring should be
deemed the handsomest.  The Monkey came with the rest and
presented, with all a mother's tenderness, a flat-nosed,
hairless, ill-featured young Monkey as a candidate for the
promised reward.  A general laugh saluted her on the presentation
of her son.  She resolutely said, "I know not whether Jupiter
will allot the prize to my son, but this I do know, that he is at
least in the eyes of me his mother, the dearest, handsomest, and
most beautiful of all."  
 

The Widow and Her Little Maidens 
 
A WIDOW who was fond of cleaning had two little maidens to wait
on her.  She was in the habit of waking them early in the
morning, at cockcrow.  The maidens, aggravated by such excessive
labor, resolved to kill the cock who roused their mistress so
early.  When they had done this, they found that they had only
prepared for themselves greater troubles, for their mistress, no
longer hearing the hour from the cock, woke them up to their work
in the middle of the night.  
 

The Shepherd's Boy and the Wolf 
 
A SHEPHERD-BOY, who watched a flock of sheep near a village,
brought out the villagers three or four times by crying out,
"Wolf! Wolf!"  and when his neighbors came to help him, laughed at
them for their pains.  The Wolf, however, did truly come at last. 
The Shepherd-boy, now really alarmed, shouted in an agony of
terror:  "Pray, do come and help me; the Wolf is killing the
sheep"; but no one paid any heed to his cries, nor rendered any
assistance.  The Wolf, having no cause of fear, at his leisure
lacerated or destroyed the whole flock.  
 
There is no believing a liar, even when he speaks the truth.  
 

The Cat and the Birds 
 
A CAT, hearing that the Birds in a certain aviary were ailing
dressed himself up as a physician, and, taking his cane and a bag
of instruments becoming his profession, went to call on them.  He
knocked at the door and inquired of the inmates how they all did,
saying that if they were ill, he would be happy to prescribe for
them and cure them.  They replied, "We are all very well, and
shall continue so, if you will only be good enough to go away,
and leave us as we are."  
 

The Kid and the Wolf 
 
A KID standing on the roof of a house, out of harm's way, saw a
Wolf passing by and immediately began to taunt and revile him. 
The Wolf, looking up, said, "Sirrah! I hear thee:  yet it is not
thou who mockest me, but the roof on which thou art standing."  
 
Time and place often give the advantage to the weak over the
strong.  
 

The Ox and the Frog 
 
AN OX drinking at a pool trod on a brood of young frogs and
crushed one of them to death.  The Mother coming up, and missing
one of her sons, inquired of his brothers what had become of him. 
"He is dead, dear Mother; for just now a very huge beast with
four great feet came to the pool and crushed him to death with
his cloven heel."  The Frog, puffing herself out, inquired, "if
the beast was as big as that in size."  "Cease, Mother, to puff
yourself out," said her son, "and do not be angry; for you would,
I assure you, sooner burst than successfully imitate the hugeness
of that monster."  
 

The Shepherd and the Wolf 
 
 A SHEPHERD once found the whelp of a Wolf and brought it up, and
after a while taught it to steal lambs from the neighboring
flocks.  The Wolf, having shown himself an apt pupil, said to the
Shepherd, "Since you have taught me to steal, you must keep a
sharp lookout, or you will lose some of your own flock."  
 

The Father and His Two Daughters 
 
A MAN had two daughters, the one married to a gardener, and the
other to a tile-maker.  After a time he went to the daughter who
had married the gardener, and inquired how she was and how all
things went with her.  She said, "All things are prospering with
me, and I have only one wish, that there may be a heavy fall of
rain, in order that the plants may be well watered."  Not long
after, he went to the daughter who had married the tilemaker, and
likewise inquired of her how she fared; she replied, "I want for
nothing, and have only one wish, that the dry weather may
continue, and the sun shine hot and bright, so that the bricks
might be dried."  He said to her, "If your sister wishes for rain,
and you for dry weather, with which of the two am I to join my
wishes?'  
 

The Farmer and His Sons 
 
A FATHER, being on the point of death, wished to be sure that his
sons would give the same attention to his farm as he himself had
given it.  He called them to his bedside and said, "My sons,
there is a great treasure hid in one of my vineyards."  The sons,
after his death, took their spades and mattocks and carefully dug
over every portion of their land.  They found no treasure, but
the vines repaid their labor by an extraordinary and
superabundant crop.  
 

The Crab and Its Mother 
 
A CRAB said to her son, "Why do you walk so one-sided, my child?
It is far more becoming to go straight forward."  The young Crab
replied:  "Quite true, dear Mother; and if you will show me the
straight way, I will promise to walk in it."  The Mother tried in
vain, and submitted without remonstrance to the reproof of her
child.  
 
Example is more powerful than precept.  
 

The Heifer and the Ox 
 
A HEIFER saw an Ox hard at work harnessed to a plow, and
tormented him with reflections on his unhappy fate in being
compelled to labor.  Shortly afterwards, at the harvest festival,
the owner released the Ox from his yoke, but bound the Heifer
with cords and led him away to the altar to be slain in honor of
the occasion.  The Ox saw what was being done, and said with a
smile to the Heifer:  "For this you were allowed to live in
idleness, because you were presently to be sacrificed."  
 

The Swallow, the Serpent, and the Court of Justice 
 
A SWALLOW, returning from abroad and especially fond of dwelling
with men, built herself a nest in the wall of a Court of Justice
and there hatched seven young birds.  A Serpent gliding past the
nest from its hole in the wall ate up the young unfledged
nestlings.  The Swallow, finding her nest empty, lamented greatly
and exclaimed:  "Woe to me a stranger! that in this place where
all others' rights are protected, I alone should suffer wrong."  
 

The Thief and His Mother 
 
A BOY stole a lesson-book from one of his schoolfellows and took
it home to his Mother.  She not only abstained from beating him,
but encouraged him.  He next time stole a cloak and brought it to
her, and she again commended him.  The Youth, advanced to
adulthood, proceeded to steal things of still greater value.  At
last he was caught in the very act, and having his hands bound
behind him, was led away to the place of public execution.  His
Mother followed in the crowd and violently beat her breast in
sorrow, whereupon the young man said, "I wish to say something to
my Mother in her ear."  She came close to him, and he quickly
seized her ear with his teeth and bit it off.  The Mother
upbraided him as an unnatural child, whereon he replied, "Ah! if
you had beaten me when I first stole and brought to you that
lesson-book, I should not have come to this, nor have been thus
led to a disgraceful death."  
 

The Old Man and Death 
 
AN OLD MAN was employed in cutting wood in the forest, and, in
carrying the faggots to the city for sale one day, became very
wearied with his long journey.  He sat down by the wayside, and
throwing down his load, besought "Death" to come.  "Death"
immediately appeared in answer to his summons and asked for what
reason he had called him.  The Old Man hurriedly replied, "That,
lifting up the load, you may place it again upon my shoulders."  
 

The Fir-Tree and the Bramble 
 
A FIR-TREE said boastingly to the Bramble, "You are useful for
nothing at all; while I am everywhere used for roofs and houses."
The Bramble answered:  'You poor creature, if you would only call
to mind the axes and saws which are about to hew you down, you
would have reason to wish that you had grown up a Bramble, not a
Fir-Tree."  
 
Better poverty without care, than riches with.  
 

The Mouse, the Frog, and the Hawk 
 
A MOUSE who always lived on the land, by an unlucky chance formed
an intimate acquaintance with a Frog, who lived for the most part
in the water.  The Frog, one day intent on mischief, bound the
foot of the Mouse tightly to his own.  Thus joined together, the
Frog first of all led his friend the Mouse to the meadow where
they were accustomed to find their food.  After this, he
gradually led him towards the pool in which he lived, until
reaching the very brink, he suddenly jumped in, dragging the
Mouse with him.  The Frog enjoyed the water amazingly, and swam
croaking about, as if he had done a good deed.  The unhappy Mouse
was soon suffocated by the water, and his dead body floated about
on the surface, tied to the foot of the Frog.  A Hawk observed
it, and, pouncing upon it with his talons, carried it aloft.  The
Frog, being still fastened to the leg of the Mouse, was also
carried off a prisoner, and was eaten by the Hawk.  
 
Harm hatch, harm catch.  
 

The Man Bitten by a Dog 
 
A MAN who had been bitten by a Dog went about in quest of someone
who might heal him.  A friend, meeting him and learning what he
wanted, said, "If you would be cured, take a piece of bread, and
dip it in the blood from your wound, and go and give it to the
Dog that bit you."  The Man who had been bitten laughed at this
advice and said, "Why? If I should do so, it would be as if I
should beg every Dog in the town to bite me."  
 
Benefits bestowed upon the evil-disposed increase their means of
injuring you.  
 

The Two Pots 
 
A RIVER carried down in its stream two Pots, one made of
earthenware and the other of brass.  The Earthen Pot said to the
Brass Pot, "Pray keep at a distance and do not come near me, for
if you touch me ever so slightly, I shall be broken in pieces,
and besides, I by no means wish to come near you."  
 
Equals make the best friends.  
 

The Wolf and the Sheep 
 
A WOLF, sorely wounded and bitten by dogs, lay sick and maimed in
his lair.  Being in want of food, he called to a Sheep who was
passing, and asked him to fetch some water from a stream flowing
close beside him.  "For," he said, "if you will bring me drink, I
will find means to provide myself with meat."  "Yes," said the
Sheep, "if I should bring you the draught, you would doubtless
make me provide the meat also."  
 
Hypocritical speeches are easily seen through.  
 

The Aethiop 
 
THE PURCHASER of a black servant was persuaded that the color of
his skin arose from dirt contracted through the neglect of his
former masters.  On bringing him home he resorted to every means
of cleaning, and subjected the man to incessant scrubbings.  The
servant caught a severe cold, but he never changed his color or
complexion.  
 
What's bred in the bone will stick to the flesh.  
 

The Fisherman and His Nets 
 
A FISHERMAN, engaged in his calling, made a very successful cast
and captured a great haul of fish.  He managed by a skillful
handling of his net to retain all the large fish and to draw them
to the shore; but he could not prevent the smaller fish from
falling back through the meshes of the net into the sea.  
 

The Huntsman and the Fisherman 
 
A HUNTSMAN, returning with his dogs from the field, fell in by
chance with a Fisherman who was bringing home a basket well laden
with fish.  The Huntsman wished to have the fish, and their owner
experienced an equal longing for the contents of the game-bag. 
They quickly agreed to exchange the produce of their day's sport. 
Each was so well pleased with his bargain that they made for some
time the same exchange day after day.  Finally a neighbor said to
them, "If you go on in this way, you will soon destroy by
frequent use the pleasure of your exchange, and each will again
wish to retain the fruits of his own sport."  
 
Abstain and enjoy.  
 

The Old Woman and the Wine-Jar 
 
AN OLD WOMAN found an empty jar which had lately been full of
prime old wine and which still retained the fragrant smell of its
former contents.  She greedily placed it several times to her
nose, and drawing it backwards and forwards said, "O most
delicious! How nice must the Wine itself have been, when it
leaves behind in the very vessel which contained it so sweet a
perfume!"  
 
The memory of a good deed lives.  
 

The Fox and the Crow 
 
A CROW having stolen a bit of meat, perched in a tree and held it
in her beak.  A Fox, seeing this, longed to possess the meat
himself, and by a wily stratagem succeeded.  "How handsome is the
Crow," he exclaimed, in the beauty of her shape and in the
fairness of her complexion! Oh, if her voice were only equal to
her beauty, she would deservedly be considered the Queen of
Birds!"  This he said deceitfully; but the Crow, anxious to refute
the reflection cast upon her voice, set up a loud caw and dropped
the flesh.  The Fox quickly picked it up, and thus addressed the
Crow:  "My good Crow, your voice is right enough, but your wit is
wanting."  
 

The Two Dogs 
 
A MAN had two dogs:  a Hound, trained to assist him in his sports,
and a Housedog, taught to watch the house.  When he returned home
after a good day's sport, he always gave the Housedog a large
share of his spoil.  The Hound, feeling much aggrieved at this,
reproached his companion, saying, "It is very hard to have all
this labor, while you, who do not assist in the chase, luxuriate
on the fruits of my exertions."  The Housedog replied, "Do not
blame me, my friend, but find fault with the master, who has not
taught me to labor, but to depend for subsistence on the labor of
others."  
 
Children are not to be blamed for the faults of their parents.  
 

The Stag in the Ox-Stall 
 
A STAG, roundly chased by the hounds and blinded by fear to the
danger he was running into, took shelter in a farmyard and hid
himself in a shed among the oxen.  An Ox gave him this kindly
warning:  "O unhappy creature! why should you thus, of your own
accord, incur destruction and trust yourself in the house of your
enemy?'  The Stag replied:  "Only allow me, friend, to stay where I
am, and I will undertake to find some favorable opportunity of
effecting my escape."  At the approach of the evening the herdsman
came to feed his cattle, but did not see the Stag; and even the
farm-bailiff with several laborers passed through the shed and
failed to notice him.  The Stag, congratulating himself on his
safety, began to express his sincere thanks to the Oxen who had
kindly helped him in the hour of need.  One of them again
answered him:  "We indeed wish you well, but the danger is not
over.  There is one other yet to pass through the shed, who has
as it were a hundred eyes, and until he has come and gone, your
life is still in peril."  At that moment the master himself
entered, and having had to complain that his oxen had not been
properly fed, he went up to their racks and cried out:  "Why is
there such a scarcity of fodder? There is not half enough straw
for them to lie on.  Those lazy fellows have not even swept the
cobwebs away."  While he thus examined everything in turn, he
spied the tips of the antlers of the Stag peeping out of the
straw.  Then summoning his laborers, he ordered that the Stag
should be seized and killed.  
 

The Hawk, the Kite, and the Pigeons 
 
THE PIGEONS, terrified by the appearance of a Kite, called upon
the Hawk to defend them.  He at once consented.  When they had
admitted him into the cote, they found that he made more havoc
and slew a larger number of them in one day than the Kite could
pounce upon in a whole year.  
 
Avoid a remedy that is worse than the disease.  
 

The Widow and the Sheep 
 
A CERTAIN poor widow had one solitary Sheep.  At shearing time,
wishing to take his fleece and to avoid expense, she sheared him
herself, but used the shears so unskillfully that with the fleece
she sheared the flesh.  The Sheep, writhing with pain, said, "Why
do you hurt me so, Mistress? What weight can my blood add to the
wool? If you want my flesh, there is the butcher, who will kill
me in an instant; but if you want my fleece and wool, there is
the shearer, who will shear and not hurt me."  
 
The least outlay is not always the greatest gain.  
 

The Wild Ass and the Lion 
 
A WILD ASS and a Lion entered into an alliance so that they might
capture the beasts of the forest with greater ease.  The Lion
agreed to assist the Wild Ass with his strength, while the Wild
Ass gave the Lion the benefit of his greater speed.  When they
had taken as many beasts as their necessities required, the Lion
undertook to distribute the prey, and for this purpose divided it
into three shares.  "I will take the first share," he said,
"because I am King:  and the second share, as a partner with you
in the chase:  and the third share (believe me) will be a source
of great evil to you, unless you willingly resign it to me, and
set off as fast as you can."  
 
Might makes right.  
 

The Eagle and the Arrow 
 
AN EAGLE sat on a lofty rock, watching the movements of a Hare
whom he sought to make his prey.  An archer, who saw the Eagle
from a place of concealment, took an accurate aim and wounded him
mortally.  The Eagle gave one look at the arrow that had entered
his heart and saw in that single glance that its feathers had
been furnished by himself.  "It is a double grief to me," he
exclaimed, "that I should perish by an arrow feathered from my
own wings."  
 

The Sick Kite 
 
A KITE, sick unto death, said to his mother:  "O Mother! do not
mourn, but at once invoke the gods that my life may be
prolonged."  She replied, "Alas! my son, which of the gods do you
think will pity you? Is there one whom you have not outraged by
filching from their very altars a part of the sacrifice offered
up to them?'  
 
We must make friends in prosperity if we would have their help in
adversity.  
 

The Lion and the Dolphin 
 
A LION roaming by the seashore saw a Dolphin lift up its head out
of the waves, and suggested that they contract an alliance,
saying that of all the animals they ought to be the best friends,
since the one was the king of beasts on the earth, and the other
was the sovereign ruler of all the inhabitants of the ocean.  The
Dolphin gladly consented to this request.  Not long afterwards
the Lion had a combat with a wild bull, and called on the Dolphin
to help him.  The Dolphin, though quite willing to give him
assistance, was unable to do so, as he could not by any means
reach the land.  The Lion abused him as a traitor.  The Dolphin
replied, "Nay, my friend, blame not me, but Nature, which, while
giving me the sovereignty of the sea, has quite denied me the
power of living upon the land."  
 

The Lion and the Boar 
 
ON A SUMMER DAY, when the great heat induced a general thirst
among the beasts, a Lion and a Boar came at the same moment to a
small well to drink.  They fiercely disputed which of them should
drink first, and were soon engaged in the agonies of a mortal
combat.  When they stopped suddenly to catch their breath for a
fiercer renewal of the fight, they saw some Vultures waiting in
the distance to feast on the one that should fall first.  They at
once made up their quarrel, saying, "It is better for us to make
friends, than to become the food of Crows or Vultures."  
 

The One-Eyed Doe 
 
A DOE blind in one eye was accustomed to graze as near to the
edge of the cliff as she possibly could, in the hope of securing
her greater safety.  She turned her sound eye towards the land
that she might get the earliest tidings of the approach of hunter
or hound, and her injured eye towards the sea, from whence she
entertained no anticipation of danger.  Some boatmen sailing by
saw her, and taking a successful aim, mortally wounded her. 
Yielding up her last breath, she gasped forth this lament:  "O
wretched creature that I am! to take such precaution against the
land, and after all to find this seashore, to which I had come
for safety, so much more perilous."  
 

The Shepherd and the Sea 
 
A SHEPHERD, keeping watch over his sheep near the shore, saw the
Sea very calm and smooth, and longed to make a voyage with a view
to commerce.  He sold all his flock, invested it in a cargo of
dates, and set sail.  But a very great tempest came on, and the
ship being in danger of sinking, he threw all his merchandise
overboard, and barely escaped with his life in the empty ship. 
Not long afterwards when someone passed by and observed the
unruffled calm of the Sea, he interrupted him and said, "It is
again in want of dates, and therefore looks quiet."  
 

The Ass, the Cock, and the Lion 
 
AN ASS and a Cock were in a straw-yard together when a Lion,
desperate from hunger, approached the spot.  He was about to
spring upon the Ass, when the Cock (to the sound of whose voice
the Lion, it is said, has a singular aversion) crowed loudly, and
the Lion fled away as fast as he could.  The Ass, observing his
trepidation at the mere crowing of a Cock summoned courage to
attack him, and galloped after him for that purpose.  He had run
no long distance, when the Lion, turning about, seized him and
tore him to pieces.  
 
False confidence often leads into danger.  
 

The Mice and the Weasels 
 
THE WEASELS and the Mice waged a perpetual war with each other,
in which much blood was shed.  The Weasels were always the
victors.  The Mice thought that the cause of their frequent
defeats was that they had no leaders set apart from the general
army to command them, and that they were exposed to dangers from
lack of discipline.  They therefore chose as leaders Mice that
were most renowned for their family descent, strength, and
counsel, as well as those most noted for their courage in the
fight, so that they might be better marshaled in battle array and
formed into troops, regiments, and battalions.  When all this was
done, and the army disciplined, and the herald Mouse had duly
proclaimed war by challenging the Weasels, the newly chosen
generals bound their heads with straws, that they might be more
conspicuous to all their troops.  Scarcely had the battle begun,
when a great rout overwhelmed the Mice, who scampered off as fast
as they could to their holes.  The generals, not being able to
get in on account of the ornaments on their heads, were all
captured and eaten by the Weasels.  
 
The more honor the more danger.  
 

The Mice in Council 
 
THE MICE summoned a council to decide how they might best devise
means of warning themselves of the approach of their great enemy
the Cat.  Among the many plans suggested, the one that found most
favor was the proposal to tie a bell to the neck of the Cat, so
that the Mice, being warned by the sound of the tinkling, might
run away and hide themselves in their holes at his approach.  But
when the Mice further debated who among them should thus "bell
the Cat," there was no one found to do it.  
 

The Wolf and the Housedog 
 
A WOLF, meeting a big well-fed Mastiff with a wooden collar about
his neck asked him who it was that fed him so well and yet
compelled him to drag that heavy log about wherever he went. 
"The master," he replied.  Then said the Wolf:  "May no friend of
mine ever be in such a plight; for the weight of this chain is
enough to spoil the appetite."  
 

The Rivers and the Sea 
 
THE RIVERS joined together to complain to the Sea, saying, "Why
is it that when we flow into your tides so potable and sweet, you
work in us such a change, and make us salty and unfit to drink?"
The Sea, perceiving that they intended to throw the blame on him,
said, "Pray cease to flow into me, and then you will not be made
briny."  
 

The Playful Ass 
 
AN ASS climbed up to the roof of a building, and frisking about
there, broke in the tiling.  The owner went up after him and
quickly drove him down, beating him severely with a thick wooden
cudgel.  The Ass said, "Why, I saw the Monkey do this very thing
yesterday, and you all laughed heartily, as if it afforded you
very great amusement."  
 

The Three Tradesmen 
 
A GREAT CITY was besieged, and its inhabitants were called
together to consider the best means of protecting it from the
enemy.  A Bricklayer earnestly recommended bricks as affording
the best material for an effective resistance.  A Carpenter, with
equal enthusiasm, proposed timber as a preferable method of
defense.  Upon which a Currier stood up and said, "Sirs, I differ
from you altogether:  there is no material for resistance equal to
a covering of hides; and nothing so good as leather."  
 
Every man for himself.  
 

The Master and His Dogs 
 
A CERTAIN MAN, detained by a storm in his country house, first of
all killed his sheep, and then his goats, for the maintenance of
his household.  The storm still continuing, he was obliged to
slaughter his yoke oxen for food.  On seeing this, his Dogs took
counsel together, and said, "It is time for us to be off, for if
the master spare not his oxen, who work for his gain, how can we
expect him to spare us?'  
 
He is not to be trusted as a friend who mistreats his own family. 

 
The Wolf and the Shepherds 
 
A WOLF, passing by, saw some Shepherds in a hut eating a haunch
of mutton for their dinner.  Approaching them, he said, "What a
clamor you would raise if I were to do as you are doing!"  
 

The Dolphins, the Whales, and the Sprat 
 
THE DOLPHINS and Whales waged a fierce war with each other.  When
the battle was at its height, a Sprat lifted its head out of the
waves and said that he would reconcile their differences if they
would accept him as an umpire.  One of the Dolphins replied, "We
would far rather be destroyed in our battle with each other than
admit any interference from you in our affairs."  
 

The Ass Carrying the Image 
 
AN ASS once carried through the streets of a city a famous wooden
Image, to be placed in one of its Temples.  As he passed along,
the crowd made lowly prostration before the Image.  The Ass,
thinking that they bowed their heads in token of respect for
himself, bristled up with pride, gave himself airs, and refused
to move another step.  The driver, seeing him thus stop, laid his
whip lustily about his shoulders and said, "O you perverse
dull-head! it is not yet come to this, that men pay worship to an
Ass."  
 
They are not wise who give to themselves the credit due to
others.  
 

The Two Travelers and the Axe 
 
TWO MEN were journeying together.  One of them picked up an axe
that lay upon the path, and said, "I have found an axe."  "Nay, my
friend," replied the other, "do not say 'I,' but 'We' have found
an axe."  They had not gone far before they saw the owner of the
axe pursuing them, and he who had picked up the axe said, "We are
undone."  "Nay," replied the other, "keep to your first mode of
speech, my friend; what you thought right then, think right now. 
Say 'I,' not 'We' are undone."  
 
He who shares the danger ought to share the prize.  
 

The Old Lion 
 
A LION, worn out with years and powerless from disease, lay on
the ground at the point of death.  A Boar rushed upon him, and
avenged with a stroke of his tusks a long-remembered injury. 
Shortly afterwards the Bull with his horns gored him as if he
were an enemy.  When the Ass saw that the huge beast could be
assailed with impunity, he let drive at his forehead with his
heels.  The expiring Lion said, "I have reluctantly brooked the
insults of the brave, but to be compelled to endure such
treatment from thee, a disgrace to Nature, is indeed to die a
double death."  
 

The Old Hound 
 
A HOUND, who in the days of his youth and strength had never
yielded to any beast of the forest, encountered in his old age a
boar in the chase.  He seized him boldly by the ear, but could
not retain his hold because of the decay of his teeth, so that
the boar escaped.  His master, quickly coming up, was very much
disappointed, and fiercely abused the dog.  The Hound looked up
and said, "It was not my fault.  master:  my spirit was as good as
ever, but I could not help my infirmities.  I rather deserve to
be praised for what I have been, than to be blamed for what I
am."  
 

The Bee and Jupiter 
 
A BEE from Mount Hymettus, the queen of the hive, ascended to
Olympus to present Jupiter some honey fresh from her combs. 
Jupiter, delighted with the offering of honey, promised to give
whatever she should ask.  She therefore besought him, saying,
"Give me, I pray thee, a sting, that if any mortal shall approach
to take my honey, I may kill him."  Jupiter was much displeased,
for he loved the race of man, but could not refuse the request
because of his promise.  He thus answered the Bee:  "You shall
have your request, but it will be at the peril of your own life. 
For if you use your sting, it shall remain in the wound you make,
and then you will die from the loss of it."  
 
Evil wishes, like chickens, come home to roost.  
 

The Milk-Woman and Her Pail 
 
A FARMER'S daughter was carrying her Pail of milk from the field
to the farmhouse, when she fell a-musing.  "The money for which
this milk will be sold, will buy at least three hundred eggs. 
The eggs, allowing for all mishaps, will produce two hundred and
fifty chickens.  The chickens will become ready for the market
when poultry will fetch the highest price, so that by the end of
the year I shall have money enough from my share to buy a new
gown.  In this dress I will go to the Christmas parties, where
all the young fellows will propose to me, but I will toss my head
and refuse them every one."  At this moment she tossed her head in
unison with her thoughts, when down fell the milk pail to the
ground, and all her imaginary schemes perished in a moment.  
 

The Seaside Travelers 
 
SOME TRAVELERS, journeying along the seashore, climbed to the
summit of a tall cliff, and looking over the sea, saw in the
distance what they thought was a large ship.  They waited in the
hope of seeing it enter the harbor, but as the object on which
they looked was driven nearer to shore by the wind, they found
that it could at the most be a small boat, and not a ship.  When
however it reached the beach, they discovered that it was only a
large faggot of sticks, and one of them said to his companions,
"We have waited for no purpose, for after all there is nothing to
see but a load of wood."  
 
Our mere anticipations of life outrun its realities.  
 

The Brazier and His Dog 
 
A BRAZIER had a little Dog, which was a great favorite with his
master, and his constant companion.  While he hammered away at
his metals the Dog slept; but when, on the other hand, he went to
dinner and began to eat, the Dog woke up and wagged his tail, as
if he would ask for a share of his meal.  His master one day,
pretending to be angry and shaking his stick at him, said, "You
wretched little sluggard! what shall I do to you? While I am
hammering on the anvil, you sleep on the mat; and when I begin to
eat after my toil, you wake up and wag your tail for food.  Do
you not know that labor is the source of every blessing, and that
none but those who work are entitled to eat?'  
 

The Ass and His Shadow 
 
A TRAVELER hired an Ass to convey him to a distant place.  The
day being intensely hot, and the sun shining in its strength, the
Traveler stopped to rest, and sought shelter from the heat under
the Shadow of the Ass.  As this afforded only protection for one,
and as the Traveler and the owner of the Ass both claimed it, a
violent dispute arose between them as to which of them had the
right to the Shadow.  The owner maintained that he had let the
Ass only, and not his Shadow.  The Traveler asserted that he had,
with the hire of the Ass, hired his Shadow also.  The quarrel
proceeded from words to blows, and while the men fought, the Ass
galloped off.  
 
In quarreling about the shadow we often lose the substance.  
 

The Ass and His Masters 
 
AN ASS, belonging to an herb-seller who gave him too little food
and too much work made a petition to Jupiter to be released from
his present service and provided with another master.  Jupiter,
after warning him that he would repent his request, caused him to
be sold to a tile-maker.  Shortly afterwards, finding that he had
heavier loads to carry and harder work in the brick-field, he
petitioned for another change of master.  Jupiter, telling him
that it would be the last time that he could grant his request,
ordained that he be sold to a tanner.  The Ass found that he had
fallen into worse hands, and noting his master's occupation,
said, groaning:  "It would have been better for me to have been
either starved by the one, or to have been overworked by the
other of my former masters, than to have been bought by my
present owner, who will even after I am dead tan my hide, and
make me useful to him."  
 

The Oak and the Reeds 
 
A VERY LARGE OAK was uprooted by the wind and thrown across a
stream.  It fell among some Reeds, which it thus addressed:  "I
wonder how you, who are so light and weak, are not entirely
crushed by these strong winds."  They replied, "You fight and
contend with the wind, and consequently you are destroyed; while
we on the contrary bend before the least breath of air, and
therefore remain unbroken, and escape."  
 
Stoop to conquer.  
 

The Fisherman and the Little Fish 
 
A FISHERMAN who lived on the produce of his nets, one day caught
a single small Fish as the result of his day's labor.  The Fish,
panting convulsively, thus entreated for his life:  "O Sir, what
good can I be to you, and how little am I worth? I am not yet
come to my full size.  Pray spare my life, and put me back into
the sea.  I shall soon become a large fish fit for the tables of
the rich, and then you can catch me again, and make a handsome
profit of me."  The Fisherman replied, "I should indeed be a very
simple fellow if, for the chance of a greater uncertain profit, I
were to forego my present certain gain."  
 

The Hunter and the Woodman 
 
A HUNTER, not very bold, was searching for the tracks of a Lion. 
He asked a man felling oaks in the forest if he had seen any
marks of his footsteps or knew where his lair was.  "I will,"
said the man, "at once show you the Lion himself."  The Hunter,
turning very pale and chattering with his teeth from fear,
replied, "No, thank you.  I did not ask that; it is his track
only I am in search of, not the Lion himself."  
 
The hero is brave in deeds as well as words.  
 

The Wild Boar and the Fox 
 
A WILD BOAR stood under a tree and rubbed his tusks against the
trunk.  A Fox passing by asked him why he thus sharpened his
teeth when there was no danger threatening from either huntsman
or hound.  He replied, "I do it advisedly; for it would never do
to have to sharpen my weapons just at the time I ought to be
using them."  
 

The Lion in a Farmyard 
 
A LION entered a farmyard.  The Farmer, wishing to catch him,
shut the gate.  When the Lion found that he could not escape, he
flew upon the sheep and killed them, and then attacked the oxen. 
The Farmer, beginning to be alarmed for his own safety, opened
the gate and released the Lion.  On his departure the Farmer
grievously lamented the destruction of his sheep and oxen, but
his wife, who had been a spectator to all that took place, said,
"On my word, you are rightly served, for how could you for a
moment think of shutting up a Lion along with you in your
farmyard when you know that you shake in your shoes if you only
hear his roar at a distance?'  
 

Mercury and the Sculptor 
 
MERCURY ONCE DETERMINED to learn in what esteem he was held among
mortals.  For this purpose he assumed the character of a man and
visited in this disguise a Sculptor's studio having looked at
various statues, he demanded the price of two figures of Jupiter
and Juno.  When the sum at which they were valued was named, he
pointed to a figure of himself, saying to the Sculptor, "You will
certainly want much more for this, as it is the statue of the
Messenger of the Gods, and author of all your gain."  The
Sculptor replied, "Well, if you will buy these, I'll fling you
that into the bargain."  
 

The Swan and the Goose 
 
A CERTAIN rich man bought in the market a Goose and a Swan.  He
fed the one for his table and kept the other for the sake of its
song.  When the time came for killing the Goose, the cook went to
get him at night, when it was dark, and he was not able to
distinguish one bird from the other.  By mistake he caught the
Swan instead of the Goose.  The Swan, threatened with death,
burst forth into song and thus made himself known by his voice,
and preserved his life by his melody.  
 

The Swollen Fox 
 
A VERY HUNGRY FOX, seeing some bread and meat left by shepherds
in the hollow of an oak, crept into the hole and made a hearty
meal.  When he finished, he was so full that he was not able to
get out, and began to groan and lament his fate.  Another Fox
passing by heard his cries, and coming up, inquired the cause of
his complaining.  On learning what had happened, he said to him,
"Ah, you will have to remain there, my friend, until you become
such as you were when you crept in, and then you will easily get
out."  
 

The Fox and the Woodcutter 
 
A FOX, running before the hounds, came across a Woodcutter
felling an oak and begged him to show him a safe hiding-place. 
The Woodcutter advised him to take shelter in his own hut, so the
Fox crept in and hid himself in a corner.  The huntsman soon came
up with his hounds and inquired of the Woodcutter if he had seen
the Fox.  He declared that he had not seen him, and yet pointed,
all the time he was speaking, to the hut where the Fox lay
hidden.  The huntsman took no notice of the signs, but believing
his word, hastened forward in the chase.  As soon as they were
well away, the Fox departed without taking any notice of the
Woodcutter:  whereon he called to him and reproached him, saying,
"You ungrateful fellow, you owe your life to me, and yet you
leave me without a word of thanks."  The Fox replied, "Indeed, I
should have thanked you fervently if your deeds had been as good
as your words, and if your hands had not been traitors to your
speech."  
 

The Birdcatcher, the Partridge, and the Cock 
 
A BIRDCATCHER was about to sit down to a dinner of herbs when a
friend unexpectedly came in.  The bird-trap was quite empty, as
he had caught nothing, and he had to kill a pied Partridge, which
he had tamed for a decoy.  The bird entreated earnestly for his
life:  "What would you do without me when next you spread your
nets? Who would chirp you to sleep, or call for you the covey of
answering birds?'  The Birdcatcher spared his life, and determined
to pick out a fine young Cock just attaining to his comb.  But
the Cock expostulated in piteous tones from his perch:  "If you
kill me, who will announce to you the appearance of the dawn? 
Who will wake you to your daily tasks or tell you when it is time
to visit the bird-trap in the morning?'  He replied, "What you say
is true.  You are a capital bird at telling the time of day.  But
my friend and I must have our dinners."  
 
Necessity knows no law.  
 

The Monkey and the Fishermen 
 
A MONKEY perched upon a lofty tree saw some Fishermen casting
their nets into a river, and narrowly watched their proceedings. 
The Fishermen after a while gave up fishing, and on going home to
dinner left their nets upon the bank.  The Monkey, who is the
most imitative of animals, descended from the treetop and
endeavored to do as they had done.  Having handled the net, he
threw it into the river, but became tangled in the meshes and
drowned.  With his last breath he said to himself, "I am rightly
served; for what business had I who had never handled a net to
try and catch fish?'  
 

The Flea and the Wrestler 
 
A FLEA settled upon the bare foot of a Wrestler and bit him,
causing the man to call loudly upon Hercules for help.  When the
Flea a second time hopped upon his foot, he groaned and said, "O
Hercules! if you will not help me against a Flea, how can I hope
for your assistance against greater antagonists?'  
 

The Two Frogs 
 
TWO FROGS dwelt in the same pool.  When the pool dried up under
the summer's heat, they left it and set out together for another
home.  As they went along they chanced to pass a deep well, amply
supplied with water, and when they saw it, one of the Frogs said
to the other, "Let us descend and make our abode in this well:  it
will furnish us with shelter and food."  The other replied with
greater caution, "But suppose the water should fail us.  How can
we get out again from so great a depth?'  
 
Do nothing without a regard to the consequences.  
 

The Cat and the Mice 
 
A CERTAIN HOUSE was overrun with Mice.  A Cat, discovering this,
made her way into it and began to catch and eat them one by one. 
Fearing for their lives, the Mice kept themselves close in their
holes.  The Cat was no longer able to get at them and perceived
that she must tempt them forth by some device.  For this purpose
she jumped upon a peg, and suspending herself from it, pretended
to be dead.  One of the Mice, peeping stealthily out, saw her and
said, "Ah, my good madam, even though you should turn into a
meal-bag, we will not come near you."  
 

The Lion, the Bear, and the Fox 
 
A LION and a Bear seized a Kid at the same moment, and fought
fiercely for its possession.  When they had fearfully lacerated
each other and were faint from the long combat, they lay down
exhausted with fatigue.  A Fox, who had gone round them at a
distance several times, saw them both stretched on the ground
with the Kid lying untouched in the middle.  He ran in between
them, and seizing the Kid scampered off as fast as he could.  The
Lion and the Bear saw him, but not being able to get up, said,
"Woe be to us, that we should have fought and belabored ourselves
only to serve the turn of a Fox."  
 
It sometimes happens that one man has all the toil, and another
all the profit.  
 

The Doe and the Lion 
 
A DOE hard pressed by hunters sought refuge in a cave belonging
to a Lion.  The Lion concealed himself on seeing her approach,
but when she was safe within the cave, sprang upon her and tore
her to pieces.  "Woe is me," exclaimed the Doe, "who have escaped
from man, only to throw myself into the mouth of a wild beast?'  
 
In avoiding one evil, care must be taken not to fall into
another.  
 

The Farmer and the Fox 
 
A FARMER, who bore a grudge against a Fox for robbing his poultry
yard, caught him at last, and being determined to take an ample
revenge, tied some rope well soaked in oil to his tail, and set
it on fire.  The Fox by a strange fatality rushed to the fields
of the Farmer who had captured him.  It was the time of the wheat
harvest; but the Farmer reaped nothing that year and returned
home grieving sorely.  
 

The Seagull and the Kite 
 
A SEAGULL having bolted down too large a fish, burst its deep
gullet-bag and lay down on the shore to die.  A Kite saw him and
exclaimed:  "You richly deserve your fate; for a bird of the air
has no business to seek its food from the sea."  
 
Every man should be content to mind his own business.  
 

The Philosopher, the Ants, and Mercury 
 
A PHILOSOPHER witnessed from the shore the shipwreck of a vessel,
of which the crew and passengers were all drowned.  He inveighed
against the injustice of Providence, which would for the sake of
one criminal perchance sailing in the ship allow so many innocent
persons to perish.  As he was indulging in these reflections, he
found himself surrounded by a whole army of Ants, near whose nest
he was standing.  One of them climbed up and stung him, and he
immediately trampled them all to death with his foot.  Mercury
presented himself, and striking the Philosopher with his wand,
said, "And are you indeed to make yourself a judge of the
dealings of Providence, who hast thyself in a similar manner
treated these poor Ants?'  
 

The Mouse and the Bull 
 
A BULL was bitten by a Mouse and, angered by the wound, tried to
capture him.  But the Mouse reached his hole in safety.  Though
the Bull dug into the walls with his horns, he tired before he
could rout out the Mouse, and crouching down, went to sleep
outside the hole.  The Mouse peeped out, crept furtively up his
flank, and again biting him, retreated to his hole.  The Bull
rising up, and not knowing what to do, was sadly perplexed.  At
which the Mouse said, "The great do not always prevail.  There
are times when the small and lowly are the strongest to do
mischief."  
 

The Lion and the Hare 
 
A LION came across a Hare, who was fast asleep.  He was just in
the act of seizing her, when a fine young Hart trotted by, and he
left the Hare to follow him.  The Hare, scared by the noise,
awoke and scudded away.  The Lion was unable after a long chase
to catch the Hart, and returned to feed upon the Hare.  On
finding that the Hare also had run off, he said, "I am rightly
served, for having let go of the food that I had in my hand for
the chance of obtaining more."  
 

The Peasant and the Eagle 
 
A PEASANT found an Eagle captured in a trap, and much admiring
the bird, set him free.  The Eagle did not prove ungrateful to
his deliverer, for seeing the Peasant sitting under a wall which
was not safe, he flew toward him and with his talons snatched a
bundle from his head.  When the Peasant rose in pursuit, the
Eagle let the bundle fall again.  Taking it up, the man returned
to the same place, to find that the wall under which he had been
sitting had fallen to pieces; and he marveled at the service
rendered him by the Eagle.  
 

The Image of Mercury and the Carpenter 
 
A VERY POOR MAN, a Carpenter by trade, had a wooden image of
Mercury, before which he made offerings day by day, and begged
the idol to make him rich, but in spite of his entreaties he
became poorer and poorer.  At last, being very angry, he took his
image down from its pedestal and dashed it against the wall. 
When its head was knocked off, out came a stream of gold, which
the Carpenter quickly picked up and said, "Well, I think thou art
altogether contradictory and unreasonable; for when I paid you
honor, I reaped no benefits:  but now that I maltreat you I am
loaded with an abundance of riches."  
 

The Bull and the Goat 
 
A BULL, escaping from a Lion, hid in a cave which some shepherds
had recently occupied.  As soon as he entered, a He-Goat left in
the cave sharply attacked him with his horns.  The Bull quietly
addressed him:  "Butt away as much as you will.  I have no fear of
you, but of the Lion.  Let that monster go away and I will soon
let you know what is the respective strength of a Goat and a
Bull."  
 
It shows an evil disposition to take advantage of a friend in
distress.  
 

The Dancing Monkeys 
 
A PRINCE had some Monkeys trained to dance.  Being naturally
great mimics of men's actions, they showed themselves most apt
pupils, and when arrayed in their rich clothes and masks, they
danced as well as any of the courtiers.  The spectacle was often
repeated with great applause, till on one occasion a courtier,
bent on mischief, took from his pocket a handful of nuts and
threw them upon the stage.  The Monkeys at the sight of the nuts
forgot their dancing and became (as indeed they were) Monkeys
instead of actors.  Pulling off their masks and tearing their
robes, they fought with one another for the nuts.  The dancing
spectacle thus came to an end amidst the laughter and ridicule of
the audience.  
 
The Fox and the Leopard 
 
THE FOX and the Leopard disputed which was the more beautiful of
the two.  The Leopard exhibited one by one the various spots
which decorated his skin.  But the Fox, interrupting him, said,
"And how much more beautiful than you am I, who am decorated, not
in body, but in mind."  
 

The Monkeys and Their Mother 
 
THE MONKEY, it is said, has two young ones at each birth.  The
Mother fondles one and nurtures it with the greatest affection
and care, but hates and neglects the other.  It happened once
that the young one which was caressed and loved was smothered by
the too great affection of the Mother, while the despised one was
nurtured and reared in spite of the neglect to which it was
exposed.  
 
The best intentions will not always ensure success.  
 

The Oaks and Jupiter 
 
THE OAKS presented a complaint to Jupiter, saying, "We bear for
no purpose the burden of life, as of all the trees that grow we
are the most continually in peril of the axe."  Jupiter made
answer:  "You have only to thank yourselves for the misfortunes to
which you are exposed:  for if you did not make such excellent
pillars and posts, and prove yourselves so serviceable to the
carpenters and the farmers, the axe would not so frequently be
laid to your roots."  
 

The Hare and the Hound 
 
A HOUND started a Hare from his lair, but after a long run, gave
up the chase.  A goat-herd seeing him stop, mocked him, saying
"The little one is the best runner of the two."  The Hound
replied, "You do not see the difference between us:  I was only
running for a dinner, but he for his life."  
 

The Traveler and Fortune 
 
A TRAVELER wearied from a long journey lay down, overcome with
fatigue, on the very brink of a deep well.  Just as he was about
to fall into the water, Dame Fortune, it is said, appeared to him
and waking him from his slumber thus addressed him:  "Good Sir,
pray wake up:  for if you fall into the well, the blame will be
thrown on me, and I shall get an ill name among mortals; for I
find that men are sure to impute their calamities to me, however
much by their own folly they have really brought them on
themselves."  
 
Everyone is more or less master of his own fate.  
 

The Bald Knight 
 
A BALD KNIGHT, who wore a wig, went out to hunt.  A sudden puff
of wind blew off his hat and wig, at which a loud laugh rang
forth from his companions.  He pulled up his horse, and with
great glee joined in the joke by saying, "What a marvel it is
that hairs which are not mine should fly from me, when they have
forsaken even the man on whose head they grew."  
 

The Shepherd and the Dog 
 
A SHEPHERD penning his sheep in the fold for the night was about
to shut up a wolf with them, when his Dog perceiving the wolf
said, "Master, how can you expect the sheep to be safe if you
admit a wolf into the fold?'  
 

The Lamp 
 
A LAMP, soaked with too much oil and flaring brightly, boasted
that it gave more light than the sun.  Then a sudden puff of wind
arose, and the Lamp was immediately extinguished.  Its owner lit
it again, and said:  "Boast no more, but henceforth be content to
give thy light in silence.  Know that not even the stars need to
be relit" 
 

The Lion, the Fox, and the Ass 
 
THE LION, the Fox and the Ass entered into an agreement to assist
each other in the chase.  Having secured a large booty, the Lion
on their return from the forest asked the Ass to allot his due
portion to each of the three partners in the treaty.  The Ass
carefully divided the spoil into three equal shares and modestly
requested the two others to make the first choice.  The Lion,
bursting out into a great rage, devoured the Ass.  Then he
requested the Fox to do him the favor to make a division.  The
Fox accumulated all that they had killed into one large heap and
left to himself the smallest possible morsel.  The Lion said,
"Who has taught you, my very excellent fellow, the art of
division? You are perfect to a fraction."  He replied, "I learned
it from the Ass, by witnessing his fate."  
 
Happy is the man who learns from the misfortunes of others.  
 

The Bull, the Lioness, and the Wild-Boar Hunter 
 
A BULL finding a lion's cub asleep gored him to death with his
horns.  The Lioness came up, and bitterly lamented the death of
her whelp.  A wild-boar Hunter, seeing her distress, stood at a
distance and said to her, "Think how many men there are who have
reason to lament the loss of their children, whose deaths have
been caused by you."  
 

The Oak and the Woodcutters 
 
THE WOODCUTTER cut down a Mountain Oak and split it in pieces,
making wedges of its own branches for dividing the trunk.  The
Oak said with a sigh, "I do not care about the blows of the axe
aimed at my roots, but I do grieve at being torn in pieces by
these wedges made from my own branches."  
 
Misfortunes springing from ourselves are the hardest to bear.  
 

The Hen and the Golden Eggs 
 
A COTTAGER and his wife had a Hen that laid a golden egg every
day.  They supposed that the Hen must contain a great lump of
gold in its inside, and in order to get the gold they killed it. 
Having done so, they found to their surprise that the Hen
differed in no respect from their other hens.  The foolish pair,
thus hoping to become rich all at once, deprived themselves of
the gain of which they were assured day by day.  
 

The Ass and the Frogs 
 
AN ASS, carrying a load of wood, passed through a pond.  As he
was crossing through the water he lost his footing, stumbled and
fell, and not being able to rise on account of his load, groaned
heavily.  Some Frogs frequenting the pool heard his lamentation,
and said, "What would you do if you had to live here always as we
do, when you make such a fuss about a mere fall into the water?"

 
Men often bear little grievances with less courage than they do
large misfortunes.  
 

The Crow and the Raven 
 
A CROW was jealous of the Raven, because he was considered a bird
of good omen and always attracted the attention of men, who noted
by his flight the good or evil course of future events.  Seeing
some travelers approaching, the Crow flew up into a tree, and
perching herself on one of the branches, cawed as loudly as she
could.  The travelers turned towards the sound and wondered what
it foreboded, when one of them said to his companion, "Let us
proceed on our journey, my friend, for it is only the caw of a
crow, and her cry, you know, is no omen."  
 
Those who assume a character which does not belong to them, only
make themselves ridiculous.  
 

The Trees and the Axe 
 
A MAN came into a forest and asked the Trees to provide him a
handle for his axe.  The Trees consented to his request and gave
him a young ash-tree.  No sooner had the man fitted a new handle
to his axe from it, than he began to use it and quickly felled
with his strokes the noblest giants of the forest.  An old oak,
lamenting when too late the destruction of his companions, said
to a neighboring cedar, "The first step has lost us all.  If we
had not given up the rights of the ash, we might yet have
retained our own privileges and have stood for ages."  
 

The Crab and the Fox 
 
A CRAB, forsaking the seashore, chose a neighboring green meadow
as its feeding ground.  A Fox came across him, and being very
hungry ate him up.  Just as he was on the point of being eaten,
the Crab said, "I well deserve my fate, for what business had I
on the land, when by my nature and habits I am only adapted for
the sea?'  
 
Contentment with our lot is an element of happiness.  
 

The Woman and Her Hen 
 
A WOMAN possessed a Hen that gave her an egg every day.  She
often pondered how she might obtain two eggs daily instead of
one, and at last, to gain her purpose, determined to give the Hen
a double allowance of barley.  From that day the Hen became fat
and sleek, and never once laid another egg.  
 

The Ass and the Old Shepherd 
 
A SHEPHERD, watching his Ass feeding in a meadow, was alarmed all
of a sudden by the cries of the enemy.  He appealed to the Ass to
fly with him, lest they should both be captured, but the animal
lazily replied, "Why should I, pray? Do you think it likely the
conqueror will place on me two sets of panniers?'  "No," rejoined
the Shepherd.  "Then," said the Ass, "as long as I carry the
panniers, what matters it to me whom I serve?'  
 
In a change of government the poor change nothing beyond the name
of their master.  
 

The Kites and the Swans 
 
TEE KITES of olden times, as well as the Swans, had the privilege
of song.  But having heard the neigh of the horse, they were so
enchanted with the sound, that they tried to imitate it; and, in
trying to neigh, they forgot how to sing.  
 
The desire for imaginary benefits often involves the loss of
present blessings.  
 

The Wolves and the Sheepdogs 
 
THE WOLVES thus addressed the Sheepdogs:  "Why should you, who are
like us in so many things, not be entirely of one mind with us,
and live with us as brothers should? We differ from you in one
point only.  We live in freedom, but you bow down to and slave
for men, who in return for your services flog you with whips and
put collars on your necks.  They make you also guard their sheep,
and while they eat the mutton throw only the bones to you.  If
you will be persuaded by us, you will give us the sheep, and we
will enjoy them in common, till we all are surfeited."  The Dogs
listened favorably to these proposals, and, entering the den of
the Wolves, they were set upon and torn to pieces.  
 

The Hares and the Foxes 
 
THE HARES waged war with the Eagles, and called upon the Foxes to
help them.  They replied, "We would willingly have helped you, if
we had not known who you were, and with whom you were fighting."

Count the cost before you commit yourselves.  
 

The Bowman and Lion 
 
A VERY SKILLFUL BOWMAN went to the mountains in search of game,
but all the beasts of the forest fled at his approach.  The Lion
alone challenged him to combat.  The Bowman immediately shot out
an arrow and said to the Lion:  "I send thee my messenger, that
from him thou mayest learn what I myself shall be when I assail
thee."  The wounded Lion rushed away in great fear, and when a Fox
who had seen it all happen told him to be of good courage and not
to back off at the first attack he replied:  "You counsel me in
vain; for if he sends so fearful a messenger, how shall I abide
the attack of the man himself?'  
 
Be on guard against men who can strike from a distance.  
 

The Camel 
 
WHEN MAN first saw the Camel, he was so frightened at his vast
size that he ran away.  After a time, perceiving the meekness and
gentleness of the beast's temper, he summoned courage enough to
approach him.  Soon afterwards, observing that he was an animal
altogether deficient in spirit, he assumed such boldness as to
put a bridle in his mouth, and to let a child drive him.  
 
Use serves to overcome dread.  
 

The Wasp and the Snake 
 
A WASP seated himself upon the head of a Snake and, striking him
unceasingly with his stings, wounded him to death.  The Snake,
being in great torment and not knowing how to rid himself of his
enemy, saw a wagon heavily laden with wood, and went and
purposely placed his head under the wheels, saying, "At least my
enemy and I shall perish together."  
 

The Dog and the Hare 
 
A HOUND having started a Hare on the hillside pursued her for
some distance, at one time biting her with his teeth as if he
would take her life, and at another fawning upon her, as if in
play with another dog.  The Hare said to him, "I wish you would
act sincerely by me, and show yourself in your true colors.  If
you are a friend, why do you bite me so hard? If an enemy, why do
you fawn on me?'  
 
No one can be a friend if you know not whether to trust or
distrust him.  
 

The Bull and the Calf 
 
A BULL was striving with all his might to squeeze himself through
a narrow passage which led to his stall.  A young Calf came up,
and offered to go before and show him the way by which he could
manage to pass.  "Save yourself the trouble," said the Bull; "I
knew that way long before you were born."  
 

The Stag, the Wolf, and the Sheep 
 
A STAG asked a Sheep to lend him a measure of wheat, and said
that the Wolf would be his surety.  The Sheep, fearing some fraud
was intended, excused herself, saying, "The Wolf is accustomed to
seize what he wants and to run off; and you, too, can quickly
outstrip me in your rapid flight.  How then shall I be able to
find you, when the day of payment comes?'  
 
Two blacks do not make one white.  
 

The Peacock and the Crane 
 
A PEACOCK spreading its gorgeous tail mocked a Crane that passed
by, ridiculing the ashen hue of its plumage and saying, "I am
robed, like a king, in gold and purple and all the colors of the
rainbow; while you have not a bit of color on your wings."
"True," replied the Crane; "but I soar to the heights of heaven
and lift up my voice to the stars, while you walk below, like a
cock, among the birds of the dunghill."  
 
Fine feathers don't make fine birds.  
 

The Fox and the Hedgehog 
 
A FOX swimming across a rapid river was carried by the force of
the current into a very deep ravine, where he lay for a long time
very much bruised, sick, and unable to move.  A swarm of hungry
blood-sucking flies settled upon him.  A Hedgehog, passing by,
saw his anguish and inquired if he should drive away the flies
that were tormenting him.  "By no means," replied the Fox; "pray
do not molest them."  "How is this?'  said the Hedgehog; "do you
not want to be rid of them?'  "No," returned the Fox, "for these
flies which you see are full of blood, and sting me but little,
and if you rid me of these which are already satiated, others
more hungry will come in their place, and will drink up all the
blood I have left."  
 

The Eagle, the Cat, and the Wild Sow 
 
AN EAGLE made her nest at the top of a lofty oak; a Cat, having
found a convenient hole, moved into the middle of the trunk; and
a Wild Sow, with her young, took shelter in a hollow at its foot. 
The Cat cunningly resolved to destroy this chance-made colony. 
To carry out her design, she climbed to the nest of the Eagle,
and said, "Destruction is preparing for you, and for me too,
unfortunately.  The Wild Sow, whom you see daily digging up the
earth, wishes to uproot the oak, so she may on its fall seize our
families as food for her young."  Having thus frightened the Eagle
out of her senses, she crept down to the cave of the Sow, and
said, "Your children are in great danger; for as soon as you go
out with your litter to find food, the Eagle is prepared to
pounce upon one of your little pigs."  Having instilled these
fears into the Sow, she went and pretended to hide herself in the
hollow of the tree.  When night came she went forth with silent
foot and obtained food for herself and her kittens, but feigning
to be afraid, she kept a lookout all through the day.  Meanwhile,
the Eagle, full of fear of the Sow, sat still on the branches,
and the Sow, terrified by the Eagle, did not dare to go out from
her cave.  And thus they both, along with their families,
perished from hunger, and afforded ample provision for the Cat
and her kittens.  
 

The Thief and the Innkeeper 
 
A THIEF hired a room in a tavern and stayed a while in the hope
of stealing something which should enable him to pay his
reckoning.  When he had waited some days in vain, he saw the
Innkeeper dressed in a new and handsome coat and sitting before
his door.  The Thief sat down beside him and talked with him.  As
the conversation began to flag, the Thief yawned terribly and at
the same time howled like a wolf.  The Innkeeper said, "Why do
you howl so fearfully?'  "I will tell you," said the Thief, "but
first let me ask you to hold my clothes, or I shall tear them to
pieces.  I know not, sir, when I got this habit of yawning, nor
whether these attacks of howling were inflicted on me as a
judgment for my crimes, or for any other cause; but this I do
know, that when I yawn for the third time, I actually turn into a
wolf and attack men."  With this speech he commenced a second fit
of yawning and again howled like a wolf, as he had at first.  The
Innkeeper.  hearing his tale and believing what he said, became
greatly alarmed and, rising from his seat, attempted to run away. 
The Thief laid hold of his coat and entreated him to stop,
saying, "Pray wait, sir, and hold my clothes, or I shall tear
them to pieces in my fury, when I turn into a wolf."  At the same
moment he yawned the third time and set up a terrible howl.  The
Innkeeper, frightened lest he should be attacked, left his new
coat in the Thief's hand and ran as fast as he could into the inn
for safety.  The Thief made off with the coat and did not return
again to the inn.  
 
Every tale is not to be believed.  
 

The Mule 
 
A MULE, frolicsome from lack of work and from too much corn,
galloped about in a very extravagant manner, and said to himself:
"My father surely was a high-mettled racer, and I am his own
child in speed and spirit."  On the next day, being driven a long
journey, and feeling very wearied, he exclaimed in a disconsolate
tone:  "I must have made a mistake; my father, after all, could
have been only an ass."  
 

The Hart and the Vine 
 
A HART, hard pressed in the chase, hid himself beneath the large
leaves of a Vine.  The huntsmen, in their haste, overshot the
place of his concealment.  Supposing all danger to have passed,
the Hart began to nibble the tendrils of the Vine.  One of the
huntsmen, attracted by the rustling of the leaves, looked back,
and seeing the Hart, shot an arrow from his bow and struck it. 
The Hart, at the point of death, groaned:  "I am rightly served,
for I should not have maltreated the Vine that saved me."  
 

The Serpent and the Eagle 
 
A SERPENT and an Eagle were struggling with each other in deadly
conflict.  The Serpent had the advantage, and was about to
strangle the bird.  A countryman saw them, and running up, loosed
the coil of the Serpent and let the Eagle go free.  The Serpent,
irritated at the escape of his prey, injected his poison into the
drinking horn of the countryman.  The rustic, ignorant of his
danger, was about to drink, when the Eagle struck his hand with
his wing, and, seizing the drinking horn in his talons, carried
it aloft.  
 

The Crow and the Pitcher 
 
A CROW perishing with thirst saw a pitcher, and hoping to find
water, flew to it with delight.  When he reached it, he
discovered to his grief that it contained so little water that he
could not possibly get at it.  He tried everything he could think
of to reach the water, but all his efforts were in vain.  At last
he collected as many stones as he could carry and dropped them
one by one with his beak into the pitcher, until he brought the
water within his reach and thus saved his life.  
 
Necessity is the mother of invention.  
 

The Two Frogs 
 
TWO FROGS were neighbors.  One inhabited a deep pond, far removed
from public view; the other lived in a gully containing little
water, and traversed by a country road.  The Frog that lived in
the pond warned his friend to change his residence and entreated
him to come and live with him, saying that he would enjoy greater
safety from danger and more abundant food.  The other refused,
saying that he felt it so very hard to leave a place to which he
had become accustomed.  A few days afterwards a heavy wagon
passed through the gully and crushed him to death under its
wheels.  
 
A willful man will have his way to his own hurt.  
 

The Wolf and the Fox 
 
AT ONE TIME a very large and strong Wolf was born among the
wolves, who exceeded all his fellow-wolves in strength, size, and
swiftness, so that they unanimously decided to call him "Lion."
The Wolf, with a lack of sense proportioned to his enormous size,
thought that they gave him this name in earnest, and, leaving his
own race, consorted exclusively with the lions.  An old sly Fox,
seeing this, said, "May I never make myself so ridiculous as you
do in your pride and self-conceit; for even though you have the
size of a lion among wolves, in a herd of lions you are
definitely a wolf."  
 

The Walnut-Tree 
 
A WALNUT TREE standing by the roadside bore an abundant crop of
fruit.  For the sake of the nuts, the passers-by broke its
branches with stones and sticks.  The Walnut-Tree piteously
exclaimed, "O wretched me! that those whom I cheer with my fruit
should repay me with these painful requitals!"  
 

The Gnat and the Lion 
 
A GNAT came and said to a Lion, "I do not in the least fear you,
nor are you stronger than I am.  For in what does your strength
consist? You can scratch with your claws and bite with your teeth
an a woman in her quarrels.  I repeat that I am altogether more
powerful than you; and if you doubt it, let us fight and see who
will conquer."  The Gnat, having sounded his horn, fastened
himself upon the Lion and stung him on the nostrils and the parts
of the face devoid of hair.  While trying to crush him, the Lion
tore himself with his claws, until he punished himself severely. 
The Gnat thus prevailed over the Lion, and, buzzing about in a
song of triumph, flew away.  But shortly afterwards he became
entangled in the meshes of a cobweb and was eaten by a spider. 
He greatly lamented his fate, saying, "Woe is me! that I, who can
wage war successfully with the hugest beasts, should perish
myself from this spider, the most inconsiderable of insects!"  
 

The Monkey and the Dolphin 
 
A SAILOR, bound on a long voyage, took with him a Monkey to amuse
him while on shipboard.  As he sailed off the coast of Greece, a
violent tempest arose in which the ship was wrecked and he, his
Monkey, and all the crew were obliged to swim for their lives.  A
Dolphin saw the Monkey contending with the waves, and supposing
him to be a man (whom he is always said to befriend), came and
placed himself under him, to convey him on his back in safety to
the shore.  When the Dolphin arrived with his burden in sight of
land not far from Athens, he asked the Monkey if he were an
Athenian.  The latter replied that he was, and that he was
descended from one of the most noble families in that city.  The
Dolphin then inquired if he knew the Piraeus (the famous harbor
of Athens).  Supposing that a man was meant, the Monkey answered
that he knew him very well and that he was an intimate friend. 
The Dolphin, indignant at these falsehoods, dipped the Monkey
under the water and drowned him.  
 

The Jackdaw and the Doves 
 
A JACKDAW, seeing some Doves in a cote abundantly provided with
food, painted himself white and joined them in order to share
their plentiful maintenance.  The Doves, as long as he was
silent, supposed him to be one of themselves and admitted him to
their cote.  But when one day he forgot himself and began to
chatter, they discovered his true character and drove him forth,
pecking him with their beaks.  Failing to obtain food among the
Doves, he returned to the Jackdaws.  They too, not recognizing
him on account of his color.  expelled him from living with them. 
So desiring two ends, he obtained neither.  
 

The Horse and the Stag 
 
AT ONE TIME the Horse had the plain entirely to himself.  Then a
Stag intruded into his domain and shared his pasture.  The Horse,
desiring to revenge himself on the stranger, asked a man if he
were willing to help him in punishing the Stag.  The man replied
that if the Horse would receive a bit in his mouth and agree to
carry him, he would contrive effective weapons against the Stag. 
The Horse consented and allowed the man to mount him.  From that
hour he found that instead of obtaining revenge on the Stag, he
had enslaved himself to the service of man.  
 

The Kid and the Wolf 
 
A KID, returning without protection from the pasture, was pursued
by a Wolf.  Seeing he could not escape, he turned round, and
said:  "I know, friend Wolf, that I must be your prey, but before
I die I would ask of you one favor you will play me a tune to
which I may dance."  The Wolf complied, and while he was piping
and the Kid was dancing, some hounds hearing the sound ran up and
began chasing the Wolf.  Turning to the Kid, he said, "It is just
what I deserve; for I, who am only a butcher, should not have
turned piper to please you."  
 

The Prophet 
 
A WIZARD, sitting in the marketplace, was telling the fortunes of
the passers-by when a person ran up in great haste, and
announced to him that the doors of his house had been broken open
and that all his goods were being stolen.  He sighed heavily and
hastened away as fast as he could run.  A neighbor saw him
running and said, "Oh! you fellow there! you say you can foretell
the fortunes of others; how is it you did not foresee your own?'  
 

The Fox and the Monkey 
 
A FOX and a Monkey were traveling together on the same road.  As
they journeyed, they passed through a cemetery full of monuments. 
"All these monuments which you see," said the Monkey, "are
erected in honor of my ancestors, who were in their day freedmen
and citizens of great renown."  The Fox replied, "You have chosen
a most appropriate subject for your falsehoods, as I am sure none
of your ancestors will be able to contradict you."  
 
A false tale often betrays itself.  
 

The Thief and the Housedog 
 
A THIEF came in the night to break into a house.  He brought with
him several slices of meat in order to pacify the Housedog, so
that he would not alarm his master by barking.  As the Thief
threw him the pieces of meat, the Dog said, "If you think to stop
my mouth, you will be greatly mistaken.  This sudden kindness at
your hands will only make me more watchful, lest under these
unexpected favors to myself, you have some private ends to
accomplish for your own benefit, and for my master's injury."  
 

The Man, the Horse, the Ox, and the Dog 
 
A HORSE, Ox, and Dog, driven to great straits by the cold, sought
shelter and protection from Man.  He received them kindly,
lighted a fire, and warmed them.  He let the Horse make free with
his oats, gave the Ox an abundance of hay, and fed the Dog with
meat from his own table.  Grateful for these favors, the animals
determined to repay him to the best of their ability.  For this
purpose, they divided the term of his life between them, and each
endowed one portion of it with the qualities which chiefly
characterized himself.  The Horse chose his earliest years and
gave them his own attributes:  hence every man is in his youth
impetuous, headstrong, and obstinate in maintaining his own
opinion.  The Ox took under his patronage the next term of life,
and therefore man in his middle age is fond of work, devoted to
labor, and resolute to amass wealth and to husband his resources. 
The end of life was reserved for the Dog, wherefore the old man
is often snappish, irritable, hard to please, and selfish,
tolerant only of his own household, but averse to strangers and
to all who do not administer to his comfort or to his
necessities.  
 

The Apes and the Two Travelers 
 
TWO MEN, one who always spoke the truth and the other who told
nothing but lies, were traveling together and by chance came to
the land of Apes.  One of the Apes, who had raised himself to be
king, commanded them to be seized and brought before him, that he
might know what was said of him among men.  He ordered at the
same time that all the Apes be arranged in a long row on his
right hand and on his left, and that a throne be placed for him,
as was the custom among men.  After these preparations he
signified that the two men should be brought before him, and
greeted them with this salutation:  "What sort of a king do I seem
to you to be, O strangers?'  The Lying Traveler replied, "You seem
to me a most mighty king."  "And what is your estimate of those
you see around me?'  "These," he made answer, "are worthy
companions of yourself, fit at least to be ambassadors and
leaders of armies."  The Ape and all his court, gratified with the
lie, commanded that a handsome present be given to the flatterer. 
On this the truthful Traveler thought to himself, "If so great a
reward be given for a lie, with what gift may not I be rewarded,
if, according to my custom, I tell the truth?'  The Ape quickly
turned to him.  "And pray how do I and these my friends around me
seem to you?'  "Thou art," he said, "a most excellent Ape, and all
these thy companions after thy example are excellent Apes too."
The King of the Apes, enraged at hearing these truths, gave him
over to the teeth and claws of his companions.  
 

The Wolf and the Shepherd 
 
A WOLF followed a flock of sheep for a long time and did not
attempt to injure one of them.  The Shepherd at first stood on
his guard against him, as against an enemy, and kept a strict
watch over his movements.  But when the Wolf, day after day, kept
in the company of the sheep and did not make the slightest effort
to seize them, the Shepherd began to look upon him as a guardian
of his flock rather than as a plotter of evil against it; and
when occasion called him one day into the city, he left the sheep
entirely in his charge.  The Wolf, now that he had the
opportunity, fell upon the sheep, and destroyed the greater part
of the flock.  When the Shepherd returned to find his flock
destroyed, he exclaimed:  "I have been rightly served; why did I
trust my sheep to a Wolf?'  
 

The Hares and the Lions 
 
THE HARES harangued the assembly, and argued that all should be
equal.  The Lions made this reply:  "Your words, O Hares! are
good; but they lack both claws and teeth such as we have."  
 

The Lark and Her Young Ones 
 
A LARK had made her nest in the early spring on the young green
wheat.  The brood had almost grown to their full strength and
attained the use of their wings and the full plumage of their
feathers, when the owner of the field, looking over his ripe
crop, said, "The time has come when I must ask all my neighbors
to help me with my harvest."  One of the young Larks heard his
speech and related it to his mother, inquiring of her to what
place they should move for safety.  "There is no occasion to move
yet, my son," she replied; "the man who only sends to his friends
to help him with his harvest is not really in earnest."  The owner
of the field came again a few days later and saw the wheat
shedding the grain from excess of ripeness.  He said, "I will
come myself tomorrow with my laborers, and with as many reapers
as I can hire, and will get in the harvest."  The Lark on hearing
these words said to her brood, "It is time now to be off, my
little ones, for the man is in earnest this time; he no longer
trusts his friends, but will reap the field himself."  
 
Self-help is the best help.  
 

The Fox and the Lion 
 
WHEN A FOX who had never yet seen a Lion, fell in with him by
chance for the first time in the forest, he was so frightened
that he nearly died with fear.  On meeting him for the second
time, he was still much alarmed, but not to the same extent as at
first.  On seeing him the third time, he so increased in boldness
that he went up to him and commenced a familiar conversation with
him.  
 
Acquaintance softens prejudices.  
 

The Weasel and the Mice 
 
A WEASEL, inactive from age and infirmities, was not able to
catch mice as he once did.  He therefore rolled himself in flour
and lay down in a dark corner.  A Mouse, supposing him to be
food, leaped upon him, and was instantly caught and squeezed to
death.  Another perished in a similar manner, and then a third,
and still others after them.  A very old Mouse, who had escaped
many a trap and snare, observed from a safe distance the trick of
his crafty foe and said, "Ah! you that lie there, may you prosper
just in the same proportion as you are what you pretend to be!"  
 

The Boy Bathing 
 
A BOY bathing in a river was in danger of being drowned.  He
called out to a passing traveler for help, but instead of holding
out a helping hand, the man stood by unconcernedly, and scolded
the boy for his imprudence.  "Oh, sir!"  cried the youth, "pray
help me now and scold me afterwards."  
 
Counsel without help is useless.  
 

The Ass and the Wolf 
 
AN ASS feeding in a meadow saw a Wolf approaching to seize him,
and immediately pretended to be lame.  The Wolf, coming up,
inquired the cause of his lameness.  The Ass replied that passing
through a hedge he had trod with his foot upon a sharp thorn.  He
requested that the Wolf pull it out, lest when he ate him it
should injure his throat.  The Wolf consented and lifted up the
foot, and was giving his whole mind to the discovery of the
thorn, when the Ass, with his heels, kicked his teeth into his
mouth and galloped away.  The Wolf, being thus fearfully mauled,
said, "I am rightly served, for why did I attempt the art of
healing, when my father only taught me the trade of a butcher?'  
 

The Seller of Images 
 
A CERTAIN MAN made a wooden image of Mercury and offered it for
sale.  When no one appeared willing to buy it, in order to
attract purchasers, he cried out that he had the statue to sell
of a benefactor who bestowed wealth and helped to heap up riches. 
One of the bystanders said to him, "My good fellow, why do you
sell him, being such a one as you describe, when you may yourself
enjoy the good things he has to give?'  "Why," he replied, "I am
in need of immediate help, and he is wont to give his good gifts
very slowly."  
 

The Fox and the Grapes 
 
A FAMISHED FOX saw some clusters of ripe black grapes hanging
from a trellised vine.  She resorted to all her tricks to get at
them, but wearied herself in vain, for she could not reach them. 
At last she turned away, hiding her disappointment and saying:
"The Grapes are sour, and not ripe as I thought."  
 

The Man and His Wife 
 
A MAN had a Wife who made herself hated by all the members of his
household.  Wishing to find out if she had the same effect on the
persons in her father's house, he made some excuse to send her
home on a visit to her father.  After a short time she returned,
and when he inquired how she had got on and how the servants had
treated her, she replied, "The herdsmen and shepherds cast on me
looks of aversion."  He said, "O Wife, if you were disliked by
those who go out early in the morning with their flocks and
return late in the evening, what must have been felt towards you
by those with whom you passed the whole day!"  
 
Straws show how the wind blows.  
 

The Peacock and Juno 
 
THE PEACOCK made complaint to Juno that, while the nightingale
pleased every ear with his song, he himself no sooner opened his
mouth than he became a laughingstock to all who heard him.  The
Goddess, to console him, said, "But you far excel in beauty and
in size.  The splendor of the emerald shines in your neck and you
unfold a tail gorgeous with painted plumage."  "But for what
purpose have I," said the bird, "this dumb beauty so long as I am
surpassed in song?'   "The lot of each," replied Juno, "has been
assigned by the will of the Fates--to thee, beauty; to the eagle, 
strength; to the nightingale, song; to the raven, favorable, 
and to the crow, unfavorable auguries.  These are all contented 
with the endowments allotted to them."  
 

The Hawk and the Nightingale 
 
A NIGHTINGALE, sitting aloft upon an oak and singing according to
his wont, was seen by a Hawk who, being in need of food, swooped
down and seized him.  The Nightingale, about to lose his life,
earnestly begged the Hawk to let him go, saying that he was not
big enough to satisfy the hunger of a Hawk who, if he wanted
food, ought to pursue the larger birds.  The Hawk, interrupting
him, said:  "I should indeed have lost my senses if I should let
go food ready in my hand, for the sake of pursuing birds which
are not yet even within sight."  
 

The Dog, the Cock, and the Fox 
 
A DOG and a Cock being great friends, agreed to travel together. 
At nightfall they took shelter in a thick wood.  The Cock flying
up, perched himself on the branches of a tree, while the Dog
found a bed beneath in the hollow trunk.  When the morning
dawned, the Cock, as usual, crowed very loudly several times.  A
Fox heard the sound, and wishing to make a breakfast on him, came
and stood under the branches, saying how earnestly he desired to
make the acquaintance of the owner of so magnificent a voice. 
The Cock, suspecting his civilities, said:  "Sir, I wish you would
do me the favor of going around to the hollow trunk below me, and
waking my porter, so that he may open the door and let you in."
When the Fox approached the tree, the Dog sprang out and caught
him, and tore him to pieces.  
 

The Wolf and the Goat 
 
A WOLF saw a Goat feeding at the summit of a steep precipice,
where he had no chance of reaching her.  He called to her and
earnestly begged her to come lower down, lest she fall by some
mishap; and he added that the meadows lay where he was standing,
and that the herbage was most tender.  She replied, "No, my
friend, it is not for the pasture that you invite me, but for
yourself, who are in want of food."  
 

The Lion and the Bull 
 
A LION, greatly desiring to capture a Bull, and yet afraid to
attack him on account of his great size, resorted to a trick to
ensure his destruction.  He approached the Bull and said, "I have
slain a fine sheep, my friend; and if you will come home and
partake of him with me, I shall be delighted to have your
company."  The Lion said this in the hope that, as the Bull was in
the act of reclining to eat, he might attack him to advantage,
and make his meal on him.  The Bull, on approaching the Lion's
den, saw the huge spits and giant caldrons, and no sign whatever
of the sheep, and, without saying a word, quietly took his
departure.  The Lion inquired why he went off so abruptly without
a word of salutation to his host, who had not given him any cause
for offense.  "I have reasons enough," said the Bull.  "I see no
indication whatever of your having slaughtered a sheep, while I
do see very plainly every preparation for your dining on a bull."

 

The Goat and the Ass 
 
A MAN once kept a Goat and an Ass.  The Goat, envying the Ass on
account of his greater abundance of food, said, "How shamefully
you are treated:  at one time grinding in the mill, and at another
carrying heavy burdens"; and he further advised him to pretend to
be epileptic and fall into a ditch and so obtain rest.  The Ass
listened to his words, and falling into a ditch, was very much
bruised.  His master, sending for a leech, asked his advice.  He
bade him pour upon the wounds the lungs of a Goat.  They at once
killed the Goat, and so healed the Ass.  
 

The Town Mouse and the Country Mouse 
 
A COUNTRY MOUSE invited a Town Mouse, an intimate friend, to pay
him a visit and partake of his country fare.  As they were on the
bare plowlands, eating there wheat-stocks and roots pulled up
from the hedgerow, the Town Mouse said to his friend, "You live
here the life of the ants, while in my house is the horn of
plenty.  I am surrounded by every luxury, and if you will come
with me, as I wish you would, you shall have an ample share of my
dainties."  The Country Mouse was easily persuaded, and returned
to town with his friend.  On his arrival, the Town Mouse placed
before him bread, barley, beans, dried figs, honey, raisins, and,
last of all, brought a dainty piece of cheese from a basket.  The
Country Mouse, being much delighted at the sight of such good
cheer, expressed his satisfaction in warm terms and lamented his
own hard fate.  Just as they were beginning to eat, someone
opened the door, and they both ran off squeaking, as fast as they
could, to a hole so narrow that two could only find room in it by
squeezing.  They had scarcely begun their repast again when
someone else entered to take something out of a cupboard,
whereupon the two Mice, more frightened than before, ran away and
hid themselves.  At last the Country Mouse, almost famished, said
to his friend:  "Although you have prepared for me so dainty a
feast, I must leave you to enjoy it by yourself.  It is
surrounded by too many dangers to please me.  I prefer my bare
plowlands and roots from the hedgerow, where I can live in
safety, and without fear."  
 

The Wolf, the Fox, and the Ape 
 
A WOLF accused a Fox of theft, but the Fox entirely denied the
charge.  An Ape undertook to adjudge the matter between them. 
When each had fully stated his case the Ape announced this
sentence:  "I do not think you, Wolf, ever lost what you claim;
and I do believe you, Fox, to have stolen what you so stoutly
deny."  
 
The dishonest, if they act honestly, get no credit.  
 

The Fly and the Draught-Mule 
 
A FLY sat on the axle-tree of a chariot, and addressing the
Draught-Mule said, "How slow you are! Why do you not go faster?
See if I do not prick your neck with my sting."  The Draught-Mule
replied, "I do not heed your threats; I only care for him who
sits above you, and who quickens my pace with his whip, or holds
me back with the reins.  Away, therefore, with your insolence,
for I know well when to go fast, and when to go slow."  
 

The Fishermen 
 
SOME FISHERMEN were out trawling their nets.  Perceiving them to
be very heavy, they danced about for joy and supposed that they
had taken a large catch.  When they had dragged the nets to the
shore they found but few fish:  the nets were full of sand and
stones, and the men were beyond measure cast downso much at the
disappointment which had befallen them, but because they had
formed such very different expectations.  One of their company,
an old man, said, "Let us cease lamenting, my mates, for, as it
seems to me, sorrow is always the twin sister of joy; and it was
only to be looked for that we, who just now were over-rejoiced,
should next have something to make us sad."  
 

The Lion and the Three Bulls 
 
THREE BULLS for a long time pastured together.  A Lion lay in
ambush in the hope of making them his prey, but was afraid to
attack them while they kept together.  Having at last by guileful
speeches succeeded in separating them, he attacked them without
fear as they fed alone, and feasted on them one by one at his own
leisure.  
 
Union is strength.  
 

The Fowler and the Viper 
 
A FOWLER, taking his bird-lime and his twigs, went out to catch
birds.  Seeing a thrush sitting upon a tree, he wished to take
it, and fitting his twigs to a proper length, watched intently,
having his whole thoughts directed towards the sky.  While thus
looking upwards, he unknowingly trod upon a Viper asleep just
before his feet.  The Viper, turning about, stung him, and
falling into a swoon, the man said to himself, "Woe is me! that
while I purposed to hunt another, I am myself fallen unawares
into the snares of death."  
 

The Horse and the Ass 
 
A HORSE, proud of his fine trappings, met an Ass on the highway. 
The Ass, being heavily laden, moved slowly out of the way. 
"Hardly," said the Horse, "can I resist kicking you with my
heels."  The Ass held his peace, and made only a silent appeal to
the justice of the gods.  Not long afterwards the Horse, having
become broken-winded, was sent by his owner to the farm.  The
Ass, seeing him drawing a dungcart, thus derided him:  "Where, O
boaster, are now all thy gay trappings, thou who are thyself
reduced to the condition you so lately treated with contempt?'  
 

The Fox and the Mask 
 
A FOX entered the house of an actor and, rummaging through all
his properties, came upon a Mask, an admirable imitation of a
human head.  He placed his paws on it and said, "What a beautiful
head! Yet it is of no value, as it entirely lacks brains."  
 

The Geese and the Cranes 
 
THE GEESE and the Cranes were feeding in the same meadow, when a
birdcatcher came to ensnare them in his nets.  The Cranes, being
light of wing, fled away at his approach; while the Geese, being
slower of flight and heavier in their bodies, were captured.  
 

The Blind Man and the Whelp 
 
A BLIND MAN was accustomed to distinguishing different animals by
touching them with his hands.  The whelp of a Wolf was brought
him, with a request that he would feel it, and say what it was. 
He felt it, and being in doubt, said:  "I do not quite know
whether it is the cub of a Fox, or the whelp of a Wolf, but this
I know full well.  It would not be safe to admit him to the
sheepfold."  
 
Evil tendencies are shown in early life.  
 

The Dogs and the Fox 
 
SOME DOGS, finding the skin of a lion, began to tear it in pieces
with their teeth.  A Fox, seeing them, said, "If this lion were
alive, you would soon find out that his claws were stronger than
your teeth."  
 
It is easy to kick a man that is down.  
 

The Cobbler Turned Doctor 
 
A COBBLER unable to make a living by his trade and made desperate
by poverty, began to practice medicine in a town in which he was
not known.  He sold a drug, pretending that it was an antidote to
all poisons, and obtained a great name for himself by long-winded
puffs and advertisements.  When the Cobbler happened to fall sick
himself of a serious illness, the Governor of the town determined
to test his skill.  For this purpose he called for a cup, and
while filling it with water, pretended to mix poison with the
Cobbler's antidote, commanding him to drink it on the promise of
a reward.  The Cobbler, under the fear of death, confessed that
he had no knowledge of medicine, and was only made famous by the
stupid clamors of the crowd.  The Governor then called a public
assembly and addressed the citizens:  "Of what folly have you been
guilty? You have not hesitated to entrust your heads to a man,
whom no one could employ to make even the shoes for their feet."

 
The Wolf and the Horse 
 
A WOLF coming out of a field of oats met a Horse and thus
addressed him:  "I would advise you to go into that field.  It is
full of fine oats, which I have left untouched for you, as you
are a friend whom I would love to hear enjoying good eating."  The
Horse replied, "If oats had been the food of wolves, you would
never have indulged your ears at the cost of your belly."  
 
Men of evil reputation, when they perform a good deed, fail to
get credit for it.  
 

The Brother and the Sister 
 
A FATHER had one son and one daughter, the former remarkable for
his good looks, the latter for her extraordinary ugliness.  While
they were playing one day as children, they happened by chance to
look together into a mirror that was placed on their mother's
chair.  The boy congratulated himself on his good looks; the girl
grew angry, and could not bear the self-praises of her Brother,
interpreting all he said (and how could she do otherwise?) into
reflection on herself.  She ran off to her father.  to be avenged
on her Brother, and spitefully accused him of having, as a boy,
made use of that which belonged only to girls.  The father
embraced them both, and bestowing his kisses and affection
impartially on each, said, "I wish you both would look into the
mirror every day:  you, my son, that you may not spoil your beauty
by evil conduct; and you, my daughter, that you may make up for
your lack of beauty by your virtues."  
 

The Wasps, the Partridges, and the Farmer 
 
THE WASPS and the Partridges, overcome with thirst, came to a
Farmer and besought him to give them some water to drink.  They
promised amply to repay him the favor which they asked.  The
Partridges declared that they would dig around his vines and make
them produce finer grapes.  The Wasps said that they would keep
guard and drive off thieves with their stings.  But the Farmer
interrupted them, saying:  "I have already two oxen, who, without
making any promises, do all these things.  It is surely better
for me to give the water to them than to you."  
 

The Crow and Mercury 
 
A CROW caught in a snare prayed to Apollo to release him, making
a vow to offer some frankincense at his shrine.  But when rescued
from his danger, he forgot his promise.  Shortly afterwards,
again caught in a snare, he passed by Apollo and made the same
promise to offer frankincense to Mercury.  Mercury soon appeared
and said to him, "O thou most base fellow? how can I believe
thee, who hast disowned and wronged thy former patron?'  
 

The North Wind and the Sun 
 
THE NORTH WIND and the Sun disputed as to which was the most
powerful, and agreed that he should be declared the victor who
could first strip a wayfaring man of his clothes.  The North Wind
first tried his power and blew with all his might, but the keener
his blasts, the closer the Traveler wrapped his cloak around him,
until at last, resigning all hope of victory, the Wind called
upon the Sun to see what he could do.  The Sun suddenly shone out
with all his warmth.  The Traveler no sooner felt his genial rays
than he took off one garment after another, and at last, fairly
overcome with heat, undressed and bathed in a stream that lay in
his path.  
 
Persuasion is better than Force.  
 

The Two Men Who Were Enemies 
 
TWO MEN, deadly enemies to each other, were sailing in the same
vessel.  Determined to keep as far apart as possible, the one
seated himself in the stem, and the other in the prow of the
ship.  A violent storm arose, and with the vessel in great danger
of sinking, the one in the stern inquired of the pilot which of
the two ends of the ship would go down first.  On his replying
that he supposed it would be the prow, the Man said, "Death would
not be grievous to me, if I could only see my Enemy die before
me."  
 

The Gamecocks and the Partridge 
 
A MAN had two Gamecocks in his poultry-yard.  One day by chance
he found a tame Partridge for sale.  He purchased it and brought
it home to be reared with his Gamecocks.  When the Partridge was
put into the poultry-yard, they struck at it and followed it
about, so that the Partridge became grievously troubled and
supposed that he was thus evilly treated because he was a
stranger.  Not long afterwards he saw the Cocks fighting together
and not separating before one had well beaten the other.  He then
said to himself, "I shall no longer distress myself at being
struck at by these Gamecocks, when I see that they cannot even
refrain from quarreling with each other."  
 

The Quack Frog 
 
A FROG once upon a time came forth from his home in the marsh and
proclaimed to all the beasts that he was a learned physician,
skilled in the use of drugs and able to heal all diseases.  A Fox
asked him, "How can you pretend to prescribe for others, when you
are unable to heal your own lame gait and wrinkled skin?'  
 

The Lion, the Wolf, and the Fox 
 
A LION, growing old, lay sick in his cave.  All the beasts came
to visit their king, except the Fox.  The Wolf therefore,
thinking that he had a capital opportunity, accused the Fox to
the Lion of not paying any respect to him who had the rule over
them all and of not coming to visit him.  At that very moment the
Fox came in and heard these last words of the Wolf.  The Lion
roaring out in a rage against him, the Fox sought an opportunity
to defend himself and said, "And who of all those who have come
to you have benefited you so much as I, who have traveled from
place to place in every direction, and have sought and learnt
from the physicians the means of healing you?'  The Lion commanded
him immediately to tell him the cure, when he replied, "You must
flay a wolf alive and wrap his skin yet warm around you."  The
Wolf was at once taken and flayed; whereon the Fox, turning to
him, said with a smile, "You should have moved your master not to
ill, but to good, will."  
 

The Dog's House 
 
IN THE WINTERTIME, a Dog curled up in as small a space as
possible on account of the cold, determined to make himself a
house.  However when the summer returned again, he lay asleep
stretched at his full length and appeared to himself to be of a
great size.  Now he considered that it would be neither an easy
nor a necessary work to make himself such a house as would
accommodate him.  
 

The Wolf and the Lion 
 
ROAMING BY the mountainside at sundown, a Wolf saw his own shadow
become greatly extended and magnified, and he said to himself,
"Why should I, being of such an immense size and extending nearly
an acre in length, be afraid of the Lion? Ought I not to be
acknowledged as King of all the collected beasts?'  While he was
indulging in these proud thoughts, a Lion fell upon him and
killed him.  He exclaimed with a too late repentance, "Wretched
me! this overestimation of myself is the cause of my
destruction."  
 

The Birds, the Beasts, and the Bat 
 
THE BIRDS waged war with the Beasts, and each were by turns the
conquerors.  A Bat, fearing the uncertain issues of the fight,
always fought on the side which he felt was the strongest.  When
peace was proclaimed, his deceitful conduct was apparent to both
combatants.  Therefore being condemned by each for his treachery,
he was driven forth from the light of day, and henceforth
concealed himself in dark hiding-places, flying always alone and
at night.  
 

The Spendthrift and the Swallow 
 
A YOUNG MAN, a great spendthrift, had run through all his
patrimony and had but one good cloak left.  One day he happened
to see a Swallow, which had appeared before its season, skimming
along a pool and twittering gaily.  He supposed that summer had
come, and went and sold his cloak.  Not many days later, winter
set in again with renewed frost and cold.  When he found the
unfortunate Swallow lifeless on the ground, he said, "Unhappy
bird! what have you done? By thus appearing before the springtime
you have not only killed yourself, but you have wrought my
destruction also."  
 

The Fox and the Lion 
 
A FOX saw a Lion confined in a cage, and standing near him,
bitterly reviled him.  The Lion said to the Fox, "It is not thou
who revilest me; but this mischance which has befallen me."  
 

The Owl and the Birds 
 
AN OWL, in her wisdom, counseled the Birds that when the acorn
first began to sprout, to pull it all up out of the ground and
not allow it to grow.  She said acorns would produce mistletoe,
from which an irremediable poison, the bird- 
lime, would be extracted and by which they would be captured. 
The Owl next advised them to pluck up the seed of the flax, which
men had sown, as it was a plant which boded no good to them. 
And, lastly, the Owl, seeing an archer approach, predicted that
this man, being on foot, would contrive darts armed with feathers
which would fly faster than the wings of the Birds themselves. 
The Birds gave no credence to these warning words, but considered
the Owl to be beside herself and said that she was mad.  But
afterwards, finding her words were true, they wondered at her
knowledge and deemed her to be the wisest of birds.  Hence it is
that when she appears they look to her as knowing all things,
while she no longer gives them advice, but in solitude laments
their past folly.  
 

The Trumpeter Taken Prisoner 
 
A TRUMPETER, bravely leading on the soldiers, was captured by the
enemy.  He cried out to his captors, "Pray spare me, and do not
take my life without cause or without inquiry.  I have not slain
a single man of your troop.  I have no arms, and carry nothing
but this one brass trumpet."  "That is the very reason for which
you should be put to death," they said; "for, while you do not
fight yourself, your trumpet stirs all the others to battle."  
 

The Ass in the Lion's Skin 
 
AN ASS, having put on the Lion's skin, roamed about in the forest
and amused himself by frightening all the foolish animals he met
in his wanderings.  At last coming upon a Fox, he tried to
frighten him also, but the Fox no sooner heard the sound of his
voice than he exclaimed, "I might possibly have been frightened
myself, if I had not heard your bray."  
 

The Sparrow and the Hare 
 
A HARE pounced upon by an eagle sobbed very much and uttered
cries like a child.  A Sparrow upbraided her and said, "Where now
is thy remarkable swiftness of foot? Why were your feet so slow?"
While the Sparrow was thus speaking, a hawk suddenly seized him
and killed him.  The Hare was comforted in her death, and
expiring said, "Ah! you who so lately, when you supposed yourself
safe, exulted over my calamity, have now reason to deplore a
similar misfortune."  
 

The Flea and the Ox 
 
A FLEA thus questioned an Ox:  "What ails you, that being so huge
and strong, you submit to the wrongs you receive from men and
slave for them day by day, while I, being so small a creature,
mercilessly feed on their flesh and drink their blood without
stint?'  The Ox replied:  "I do not wish to be ungrateful, for I am
loved and well cared for by men, and they often pat my head and
shoulders."  "Woe's me!"  said the flea; "this very patting which
you like, whenever it happens to me, brings with it my inevitable
destruction."  
 

The Goods and the Ills 
 
ALL the Goods were once driven out by the Ills from that common
share which they each had in the affairs of mankind; for the Ills
by reason of their numbers had prevailed to possess the earth. 
The Goods wafted themselves to heaven and asked for a righteous
vengeance on their persecutors.  They entreated Jupiter that they
might no longer be associated with the Ills, as they had nothing
in common and could not live together, but were engaged in
unceasing warfare; and that an indissoluble law might be laid
down for their future protection.  Jupiter granted their request
and decreed that henceforth the Ills should visit the earth in
company with each other, but that the Goods should one by one
enter the habitations of men.  Hence it arises that Ills abound,
for they come not one by one, but in troops, and by no means
singly:  while the Goods proceed from Jupiter, and are given, not
alike to all, but singly, and separately; and one by one to those
who are able to discern them.  
 

The Dove and the Crow 
 
A DOVE shut up in a cage was boasting of the large number of
young ones which she had hatched.  A Crow hearing her, said:  "My
good friend, cease from this unseasonable boasting.  The larger
the number of your family, the greater your cause of sorrow, in
seeing them shut up in this prison-house."  
 

Mercury and the Workmen 
 
A WORKMAN, felling wood by the side of a river, let his axe drop
- by accident into a deep pool.  Being thus deprived of the means
of his livelihood, he sat down on the bank and lamented his hard
fate.  Mercury appeared and demanded the cause of his tears. 
After he told him his misfortune, Mercury plunged into the
stream, and, bringing up a golden axe, inquired if that were the
one he had lost.  On his saying that it was not his, Mercury
disappeared beneath the water a second time, returned with a
silver axe in his hand, and again asked the Workman if it were
his.  When the Workman said it was not, he dived into the pool
for the third time and brought up the axe that had been lost. 
The Workman claimed it and expressed his joy at its recovery. 
Mercury, pleased with his honesty, gave him the golden and silver
axes in addition to his own.    The Workman, on his return to his
house, related to his companions all that had happened.  One of
them at once resolved to try and secure the same good fortune for
himself.  He ran to the river and threw his axe on purpose into
the pool at the same place, and sat down on the bank to weep. 
Mercury appeared to him just as he hoped he would; and having
learned the cause of his grief, plunged into the stream and
brought up a golden axe, inquiring if he had lost it.  The
Workman seized it greedily, and declared that truly it was the
very same axe that he had lost.  Mercury, displeased at his
knavery, not only took away the golden axe, but refused to
recover for him the axe he had thrown into the pool.  
 

The Eagle and the Jackdaw 
 
AN EAGLE, flying down from his perch on a lofty rock, seized upon
a lamb and carried him aloft in his talons.  A Jackdaw, who
witnessed the capture of the lamb, was stirred with envy and
determined to emulate the strength and flight of the Eagle.  He
flew around with a great whir of his wings and settled upon a
large ram, with the intention of carrying him off, but his claws
became entangled in the ram's fleece and he was not able to
release himself, although he fluttered with his feathers as much
as he could.  The shepherd, seeing what had happened, ran up and
caught him.  He at once clipped the Jackdaw's wings, and taking
him home at night, gave him to his children.  On their saying,
"Father, what kind of bird is it?'  he replied, "To my certain
knowledge he is a Daw; but he would like you to think an Eagle."

 

The Fox and the Crane 
 
A FOX invited a Crane to supper and provided nothing for his
entertainment but some soup made of pulse, which was poured out
into a broad flat stone dish.  The soup fell out of the long bill
of the Crane at every mouthful, and his vexation at not being
able to eat afforded the Fox much amusement.  The Crane, in his
turn, asked the Fox to sup with him, and set before her a flagon
with a long narrow mouth, so that he could easily insert his neck
and enjoy its contents at his leisure.  The Fox, unable even to
taste it, met with a fitting requital, after the fashion of her
own hospitality.   


Jupiter, Neptune, Minerva, and Momus 
 
ACCORDING to an ancient legend, the first man was made by
Jupiter, the first bull by Neptune, and the first house by
Minerva.  On the completion of their labors, a dispute arose as
to which had made the most perfect work.  They agreed to appoint
Momus as judge, and to abide by his decision.  Momus, however,
being very envious of the handicraft of each, found fault with
all.  He first blamed the work of Neptune because he had not made
the horns of the bull below his eyes, so he might better see
where to strike.  He then condemned the work of Jupiter, because
he had not placed the heart of man on the outside, that everyone
might read the thoughts of the evil disposed and take precautions
against the intended mischief.  And, lastly, he inveighed against
Minerva because she had not contrived iron wheels in the
foundation of her house, so its inhabitants might more easily
remove if a neighbor proved unpleasant.  Jupiter, indignant at
such inveterate faultfinding, drove him from his office of judge,
and expelled him from the mansions of Olympus.  
 

The Eagle and the Fox 
 
AN EAGLE and a Fox formed an intimate friendship and decided to
live near each other.  The Eagle built her nest in the branches
of a tall tree, while the Fox crept into the underwood and there
produced her young.  Not long after they had agreed upon this
plan, the Eagle, being in want of provision for her young ones,
swooped down while the Fox was out, seized upon one of the little
cubs, and feasted herself and her brood.  The Fox on her return,
discovered what had happened, but was less grieved for the death
of her young than for her inability to avenge them.  A just
retribution, however, quickly fell upon the Eagle.  While
hovering near an altar, on which some villagers were sacrificing
a goat, she suddenly seized a piece of the flesh, and carried it,
along with a burning cinder, to her nest.  A strong breeze soon
fanned the spark into a flame, and the eaglets, as yet unfledged
and helpless, were roasted in their nest and dropped down dead at
the bottom of the tree.  There, in the sight of the Eagle, the
Fox gobbled them up.  
 

The Man and the Satyr 
 
A MAN and a Satyr once drank together in token of a bond of
alliance being formed between them.  One very cold wintry day, as
they talked, the Man put his fingers to his mouth and blew on
them.  When the Satyr asked the reason for this, he told him that
he did it to warm his hands because they were so cold.  Later on
in the day they sat down to eat, and the food prepared was quite
scalding.  The Man raised one of the dishes a little towards his
mouth and blew in it.  When the Satyr again inquired the reason,
he said that he did it to cool the meat, which was too hot.  "I
can no longer consider you as a friend," said the Satyr, "a
fellow who with the same breath blows hot and cold."  
 

The Ass and His Purchaser 
 
A MAN wished to purchase an Ass, and agreed with its owner that
he should try out the animal before he bought him.  He took the
Ass home and put him in the straw-yard with his other Asses, upon
which the new animal left all the others and at once joined the
one that was most idle and the greatest eater of them all. 
Seeing this, the man put a halter on him and led him back to his
owner.  On being asked how, in so short a time, he could have
made a trial of him, he answered, "I do not need a trial; I know
that he will be just the same as the one he chose for his
companion."  
 
A man is known by the company he keeps.  
 

The Two Bags 
 
EVERY MAN, according to an ancient legend, is born into the world
with two bags suspended from his neck   all bag in front full of
his neighbors' faults, and a large bag behind filled with his own
faults.  Hence it is that men are quick to see the faults of
others, and yet are often blind to their own failings.  
 

The Stag at the Pool 
 
A STAG overpowered by heat came to a spring to drink.  Seeing his
own shadow reflected in the water, he greatly admired the size
and variety of his horns, but felt angry with himself for having
such slender and weak feet.  While he was thus contemplating
himself, a Lion appeared at the pool and crouched to spring upon
him.  The Stag immediately took to flight, and exerting his
utmost speed, as long as the plain was smooth and open kept
himself easily at a safe distance from the Lion.  But entering a
wood he became entangled by his horns, and the Lion quickly came
up to him and caught him.  When too late, he thus reproached
himself:  "Woe is me! How I have deceived myself! These feet which
would have saved me I despised, and I gloried in these antlers
which have proved my destruction."  
 
What is most truly valuable is often underrated.  
 

The Jackdaw and the Fox 
 
A HALF-FAMISHED JACKDAW seated himself on a fig-tree, which had
produced some fruit entirely out of season, and waited in the
hope that the figs would ripen.  A Fox seeing him sitting so long
and learning the reason of his doing so, said to him, "You are
indeed, sir, sadly deceiving yourself; you are indulging a hope
strong enough to cheat you, but which will never reward you with
enjoyment."  
 

The Lark Burying Her Father 
 
THE LARK (according to an ancient legend) was created before the
earth itself, and when her father died, as there was no earth,
she could find no place of burial for him.  She let him lie
uninterred for five days, and on the sixth day, not knowing what
else to do, she buried him in her own head.  Hence she obtained
her crest, which is popularly said to be her father's
grave-hillock.  
 
Youth's first duty is reverence to parents.  
 

The Gnat and the Bull 
 
A GNAT settled on the horn of a Bull, and sat there a long time. 
Just as he was about to fly off, he made a buzzing noise, and
inquired of the Bull if he would like him to go.  The Bull
replied, "I did not know you had come, and I shall not miss you
when you go away."  
 
Some men are of more consequence in their own eyes than in the
eyes of their neighbors.  
 

The Bitch and Her Whelps 
 
A BITCH, ready to whelp, earnestly begged a shepherd for a place
where she might litter.  When her request was granted, she
besought permission to rear her puppies in the same spot.  The
shepherd again consented.  But at last the Bitch, protected by
the bodyguard of her Whelps, who had now grown up and were able
to defend themselves, asserted her exclusive right to the place
and would not permit the shepherd to approach.  
 

The Dogs and the Hides 
 
SOME DOGS famished with hunger saw a number of cowhides steeping
in a river.  Not being able to reach them, they agreed to drink
up the river, but it happened that they burst themselves with
drinking long before they reached the hides.  
 
Attempt not impossibilities.  
 

The Shepherd and the Sheep 
 
A SHEPHERD driving his Sheep to a wood, saw an oak of unusual
size full of acorns, and spreading his cloak under the branches,
he climbed up into the tree and shook them down.  The Sheep
eating the acorns inadvertently frayed and tore the cloak.  When
the Shepherd came down and saw what was done, he said, "O you
most ungrateful creatures! You provide wool to make garments for
all other men, but you destroy the clothes of him who feeds you."

 

The Grasshopper and the Owl 
 
AN OWL, accustomed to feed at night and to sleep during the day,
was greatly disturbed by the noise of a Grasshopper and earnestly
besought her to stop chirping.  The Grasshopper refused to
desist, and chirped louder and louder the more the Owl entreated. 
When she saw that she could get no redress and that her words
were despised, the Owl attacked the chatterer by a stratagem. 
"Since I cannot sleep," she said, "on account of your song which,
believe me, is sweet as the lyre of Apollo, I shall indulge
myself in drinking some nectar which Pallas lately gave me.  If
you do not dislike it, come to me and we will drink it together."
The Grasshopper, who was thirsty, and pleased with the praise of
her voice, eagerly flew up.  The Owl came forth from her hollow,
seized her, and put her to death.  
 

The Monkey and the Camel 
 
THE BEASTS of the forest gave a splendid entertainment at which
the Monkey stood up and danced.  Having vastly delighted the
assembly, he sat down amidst universal applause.  The Camel,
envious of the praises bestowed on the Monkey and desiring to
divert to himself the favor of the guests, proposed to stand up
in his turn and dance for their amusement.  He moved about in so
utterly ridiculous a manner that the Beasts, in a fit of
indignation, set upon him with clubs and drove him out of the
assembly.  
 
It is absurd to ape our betters.  
 

The Peasant and the Apple-Tree 
 
A PEASANT had in his garden an Apple-Tree which bore no fruit but
only served as a harbor for the sparrows and grasshoppers.  He
resolved to cut it down, and taking his axe in his hand, made a
bold stroke at its roots.  The grasshoppers and sparrows
entreated him not to cut down the tree that sheltered them, but
to spare it, and they would sing to him and lighten his labors. 
He paid no attention to their request, but gave the tree a second
and a third blow with his axe.  When he reached the hollow of the
tree, he found a hive full of honey.  Having tasted the
honeycomb, he threw down his axe, and looking on the tree as
sacred, took great care of it.  
 
Self-interest alone moves some men.  
 

The Two Soldiers and the Robber 
 
TWO SOLDIERS traveling together were set upon by a Robber.  The
one fled away; the other stood his ground and defended himself
with his stout right hand.  The Robber being slain, the timid
companion ran up and drew his sword, and then, throwing back his
traveling cloak said, "I'll at him, and I'll take care he shall
learn whom he has attacked."  On this, he who had fought with the
Robber made answer, "I only wish that you had helped me just now,
even if it had been only with those words, for I should have been
the more encouraged, believing them to be true; but now put up
your sword in its sheath and hold your equally useless tongue,
till you can deceive others who do not know you.  I, indeed, who
have experienced with what speed you run away, know right well
that no dependence can be placed on your valor."  
 

The Trees Under the Protection of the Gods 
 
THE GODS, according to an ancient legend, made choice of certain
trees to be under their special protection.  Jupiter chose the
oak, Venus the myrtle, Apollo the laurel, Cybele the pine, and
Hercules the poplar.  Minerva, wondering why they had preferred
trees not yielding fruit, inquired the reason for their choice. 
Jupiter replied, "It is lest we should seem to covet the honor
for the fruit."  But said Minerva, "Let anyone say what he will
the olive is more dear to me on account of its fruit."  Then said
Jupiter, "My daughter, you are rightly called wise; for unless
what we do is useful, the glory of it is vain."  
 

The Mother and the Wolf 
 
A FAMISHED WOLF was prowling about in the morning in search of
food.  As he passed the door of a cottage built in the forest, he
heard a Mother say to her child, "Be quiet, or I will throw you
out of the window, and the Wolf shall eat you."  The Wolf sat all
day waiting at the door.  In the evening he heard the same woman
fondling her child and saying:  "You are quiet now, and if the
Wolf should come, we will kill him."  The Wolf, hearing these
words, went home, gasping with cold and hunger.  When he reached
his den, Mistress Wolf inquired of him why he returned wearied
and supperless, so contrary to his wont.  He replied:  "Why,
forsooth!
use I gave credence to the words of a woman!"  
 

The Ass and the Horse 
 
AN ASS besought a Horse to spare him a small portion of his feed. 
"Yes," said the Horse; "if any remains out of what I am now
eating I will give it you for the sake of my own superior
dignity, and if you will come when I reach my own stall in the
evening, I will give you a little sack full of barley."  The Ass
replied, "Thank you.  But I can't think that you, who refuse me a
little matter now.  will by and by confer on me a greater
benefit."  
 

Truth and the Traveler 
 
A WAYFARING MAN, traveling in the desert, met a woman standing
alone and terribly dejected.  He inquired of her, "Who art thou?"
"My name is Truth," she replied.  "And for what cause," he asked,
"have you left the city to dwell alone here in the wilderness?"
She made answer, "Because in former times, falsehood was with
few, but is now with all men."  
 
The Manslayer 
 
A MAN committed a murder, and was pursued by the relations of the
man whom he murdered.  On his reaching the river Nile he saw a
Lion on its bank and being fearfully afraid, climbed up a tree. 
He found a serpent in the upper branches of the tree, and again
being greatly alarmed, he threw himself into the river, where a
crocodile caught him and ate him.  Thus the earth, the air, and
the water alike refused shelter to a murderer.  
 
The Lion and the Fox 
 
A FOX entered into partnership with a Lion on the pretense of
becoming his servant.  Each undertook his proper duty in
accordance with his own nature and powers.  The Fox discovered
and pointed out the prey; the Lion sprang on it and seized it. 
The Fox soon became jealous of the Lion carrying off the Lion's
share, and said that he would no longer find out the prey, but
would capture it on his own account.  The next day he attempted
to snatch a lamb from the fold, but he himself fell prey to the
huntsmen and hounds.  
 
The Lion and the Eagle 
 
AN EAGLE stayed his flight and entreated a Lion to make an
alliance with him to their mutual advantage.  The Lion replied,
"I have no objection, but you must excuse me for requiring you to
find surety for your good faith, for how can I trust anyone as a
friend who is able to fly away from his bargain whenever he
pleases?'  
 
Try before you trust.  
 
The Hen and the Swallow 
 
A HEN finding the eggs of a viper and carefully keeping them
warm, nourished them into life.  A Swallow, observing what she
had done, said, "You silly creature! why have you hatched these
vipers which, when they shall have grown, will inflict injury on
all, beginning with yourself?'  
 
The Buffoon and the Countryman 
 
A RICH NOBLEMAN once opened the theaters without charge to the
people, and gave a public notice that he would handsomely reward
any person who invented a new amusement for the occasion. 
Various public performers contended for the prize.  Among them
came a Buffoon well known among the populace for his jokes, and
said that he had a kind of entertainment which had never been
brought out on any stage before.  This report being spread about
made a great stir, and the theater was crowded in every part. 
The Buffoon appeared alone upon the platform, without any
apparatus or confederates, and the very sense of expectation
caused an intense silence.  He suddenly bent his head towards his
bosom and imitated the squeaking of a little pig so admirably
with his voice that the audience declared he had a porker under
his cloak, and demanded that it should be shaken out.  When that
was done and nothing was found, they cheered the actor, and
loaded him with the loudest applause.  A Countryman in the crowd,
observing all that has passed, said, "So help me, Hercules, he
shall not beat me at that trick!"  and at once proclaimed that he
would do the same thing on the next day, though in a much more
natural way.  On the morrow a still larger crowd assembled in the
theater, but now partiality for their favorite actor very
generally prevailed, and the audience came rather to ridicule the
Countryman than to see the spectacle.  Both of the performers
appeared on the stage.  The Buffoon grunted and squeaked away
first, and obtained, as on the preceding day, the applause and
cheers of the spectators.  Next the Countryman commenced, and
pretending that he concealed a little pig beneath his clothes
(which in truth he did, but not suspected by the audience )
contrived to take hold of and to pull his ear causing the pig to
squeak.  The Crowd, however, cried out with one consent that the
Buffoon had given a far more exact imitation, and clamored for
the Countryman to be kicked out of the theater.  On this the
rustic produced the little pig from his cloak and showed by the
most positive proof the greatness of their mistake.  "Look here,"
he said, "this shows what sort of judges you are."  
 
The Crow and the Serpent 
 
A CROW in great want of food saw a Serpent asleep in a sunny
nook, and flying down, greedily seized him.  The Serpent, turning
about, bit the Crow with a mortal wound.  In the agony of death,
the bird exclaimed:  "O unhappy me! who have found in that which I
deemed a happy windfall the source of my destruction."  
 
The Hunter and the Horseman 
 
A CERTAIN HUNTER, having snared a hare, placed it upon his
shoulders and set out homewards.  On his way he met a man on
horseback who begged the hare of him, under the pretense of
purchasing it.  However, when the Horseman got the hare, he rode
off as fast as he could.  The Hunter ran after him, as if he was
sure of overtaking him, but the Horseman increased more and more
the distance between them.  The Hunter, sorely against his will,
called out to him and said, "Get along with you! for I will now
make you a present of the hare."  
 
The King's Son and the Painted Lion 
 
A KING, whose only son was fond of martial exercises, had a dream
in which he was warned that his son would be killed by a lion. 
Afraid the dream should prove true, he built for his son a
pleasant palace and adorned its walls for his amusement with all
kinds of life-sized animals, among which was the picture of a
lion.  When the young Prince saw this, his grief at being thus
confined burst out afresh, and, standing near the lion, he said:
"O you most detestable of animals! through a lying dream of my
father's, which he saw in his sleep, I am shut up on your account
in this palace as if I had been a girl:  what shall I now do to
you?'  With these words he stretched out his hands toward a
thorn-tree, meaning to cut a stick from its branches so that he
might beat the lion.  But one of the tree's prickles pierced his
finger and caused great pain and inflammation, so that the young
Prince fell down in a fainting fit.  A violent fever suddenly set
in, from which he died not many days later.  
 
We had better bear our troubles bravely than try to escape them. 

 
The Cat and Venus 
 
A CAT fell in love with a handsome young man, and entreated Venus
to change her into the form of a woman.  Venus consented to her
request and transformed her into a beautiful damsel, so that the
youth saw her and loved her, and took her home as his bride. 
While the two were reclining in their chamber, Venus wishing to
discover if the Cat in her change of shape had also altered her
habits of life, let down a mouse in the middle of the room.  The
Cat, quite forgetting her present condition, started up from the
couch and pursued the mouse, wishing to eat it.  Venus was much
disappointed and again caused her to return to her former shape. 

 
Nature exceeds nurture.  
 

The She-Goats and Their Beards 
 
THE SHE-GOATS having obtained a beard by request to Jupiter, the
He-Goats were sorely displeased and made complaint that the
females equaled them in dignity.  "Allow them," said Jupiter, "to
enjoy an empty honor and to assume the badge of your nobler sex,
so long as they are not your equals in strength or courage."  
 
It matters little if those who are inferior to us in merit should
be like us in outside appearances.  
 
The Camel and the Arab 
 
AN ARAB CAMEL-DRIVER, after completing the loading of his Camel,
asked him which he would like best, to go up hill or down.  The
poor beast replied, not without a touch of reason:  "Why do you
ask me? Is it that the level way through the desert is closed?"

 
The Miller, His Son, and Their Ass 
 
A MILLER and his son were driving their Ass to a neighboring fair
to sell him.  They had not gone far when they met with a troop of
women collected round a well, talking and laughing.  "Look
there," cried one of them, "did you ever see such fellows, to be
trudging along the road on foot when they might ride?'  The old
man hearing this, quickly made his son mount the Ass, and
continued to walk along merrily by his side.  Presently they came
up to a group of old men in earnest debate.  "There," said one of
them, "it proves what I was a-saying.  What respect is shown to
old age in these days? Do you see that idle lad riding while his
old father has to walk? Get down, you young scapegrace, and let
the old man rest his weary limbs."  Upon this the old man made his
son dismount, and got up himself.  In this manner they had not
proceeded far when they met a company of women and children:
"Why, you lazy old fellow," cried several tongues at once, "how
can you ride upon the beast, while that poor little lad there can
hardly keep pace by the side of you?'  The good-natured Miller
immediately took up his son behind him.  They had now almost
reached the town.    "Pray, honest friend," said a citizen, "is
that Ass your own?'  "Yes," replied the old man.  "O, one would
not have thought so," said the other, "by the way you load him. 
Why, you two fellows are better able to carry the poor beast than
he you."  "Anything to please you," said the old man; "we can but
try."  So, alighting with his son, they tied the legs of the Ass
together and with the help of a pole endeavored to carry him on
their shoulders over a bridge near the entrance to the town. 
This entertaining sight brought the people in crowds to laugh at
it, till the Ass, not liking the noise nor the strange handling
that he was subject to, broke the cords that bound him and,
tumbling off the pole, fell into the river.  Upon this, the old
man, vexed and ashamed, made the best of his way home again,
convinced that by endeavoring to please everybody he had pleased
nobody, and lost his Ass in the bargain.  
 
The Crow and the Sheep 
 
A TROUBLESOME CROW seated herself on the back of a Sheep.  The
Sheep, much against his will, carried her backward and forward
for a long time, and at last said, "If you had treated a dog in
this way, you would have had your deserts from his sharp teeth."
To this the Crow replied, "I despise the weak and yield to the
strong.  I know whom I may bully and whom I must flatter; and I
thus prolong my life to a good old age."  
 
The Fox and the Bramble 
 
A FOX was mounting a hedge when he lost his footing and caught
hold of a Bramble to save himself.  Having pricked and grievously
tom the soles of his feet, he accused the Bramble because, when
he had fled to her for assistance, she had used him worse than
the hedge itself.  The Bramble, interrupting him, said, "But you
really must have been out of your senses to fasten yourself on
me, who am myself always accustomed to fasten upon others."  
 
The Wolf and the Lion 
 
A WOLF, having stolen a lamb from a fold, was carrying him off to
his lair.  A Lion met him in the path, and seizing the lamb, took
it from him.  Standing at a safe distance, the Wolf exclaimed,
"You have unrighteously taken that which was mine from me!"  To
which the Lion jeeringly replied, "It was righteously yours, eh?
The gift of a friend?'  
 
The Dog and the Oyster 
 
A DOG, used to eating eggs, saw an Oyster and, opening his mouth
to its widest extent, swallowed it down with the utmost relish,
supposing it to be an egg.  Soon afterwards suffering great pain
in his stomach, he said, "I deserve all this torment, for my
folly in thinking that everything round must be an egg."  
 
They who act without sufficient thought, will often fall into
unsuspected danger.  
 
The Ant and the Dove 
 
AN ANT went to the bank of a river to quench its thirst, and
being carried away by the rush of the stream, was on the point of
drowning.  A Dove sitting on a tree overhanging the water plucked
a leaf and let it fall into the stream close to her.  The Ant
climbed onto it and floated in safety to the bank.  Shortly
afterwards a birdcatcher came and stood under the tree, and laid
his lime-twigs for the Dove, which sat in the branches.  The Ant,
perceiving his design, stung him in the foot.  In pain the
birdcatcher threw down the twigs, and the noise made the Dove
take wing.  
 
The Partridge and the Fowler 
 
A FOWLER caught a Partridge and was about to kill it.  The
Partridge earnestly begged him to spare his life, saying, "Pray,
master, permit me to live and I will entice many Partridges to
you in recompense for your mercy to me."  The Fowler replied, "I
shall now with less scruple take your life, because you are
willing to save it at the cost of betraying your friends and
relations."  
 
The Flea and the Man 
 
A MAN, very much annoyed with a Flea, caught him at last, and
said, "Who are you who dare to feed on my limbs, and to cost me
so much trouble in catching you?'  The Flea replied, "O my dear
sir, pray spare my life, and destroy me not, for I cannot
possibly do you much harm."  The Man, laughing, replied, "Now you
shall certainly die by mine own hands, for no evil, whether it be
small or large, ought to be tolerated."  
 
The Thieves and the Cock 
 
SOME THIEVES broke into a house and found nothing but a Cock,
whom they stole, and got off as fast as they could.  Upon
arriving at home they prepared to kill the Cock, who thus pleaded
for his life:  "Pray spare me; I am very serviceable to men.  I
wake them up in the night to their work."  "That is the very
reason why we must the more kill you," they replied; "for when
you wake your neighbors, you entirely put an end to our
business."  
 
The safeguards of virtue are hateful to those with evil
intentions.  
 
The Dog and the Cook 
 
A RICH MAN gave a great feast, to which he invited many friends
and acquaintances.  His Dog availed himself of the occasion to
invite a stranger Dog, a friend of his, saying, "My master gives
a feast, and there is always much food remaining; come and sup
with me tonight."  The Dog thus invited went at the hour
appointed, and seeing the preparations for so grand an
entertainment, said in the joy of his heart, "How glad I am that
I came! I do not often get such a chance as this.  I will take
care and eat enough to last me both today and tomorrow."  While he
was congratulating himself and wagging his tail to convey his
pleasure to his friend, the Cook saw him moving about among his
dishes and, seizing him by his fore and hind paws, bundled him
without ceremony out of the window.  He fell with force upon the
ground and limped away, howling dreadfully.  His yelling soon
attracted other street dogs, who came up to him and inquired how
he had enjoyed his supper.  He replied, "Why, to tell you the
truth, I drank so much wine that I remember nothing.  I do not
know how I got out of the house."  
 
The Travelers and the Plane-Tree 
 
TWO TRAVELERS, worn out by the heat of the summer's sun, laid
themselves down at noon under the widespreading branches of a
Plane-Tree.  As they rested under its shade, one of the Travelers
said to the other, "What a singularly useless tree is the Plane!
It bears no fruit, and is not of the least service to man."  The
Plane-Tree, interrupting him, said, "You ungrateful fellows! Do
you, while receiving benefits from me and resting under my shade,
dare to describe me as useless, and unprofitable?'  
 
Some men underrate their best blessings.  
 

The Hares and the Frogs 
 
THE HARES, oppressed by their own exceeding timidity and weary of
the perpetual alarm to which they were exposed, with one accord
determined to put an end to themselves and their troubles by
jumping from a lofty precipice into a deep lake below.  As they
scampered off in large numbers to carry out their resolve, the
Frogs lying on the banks of the lake heard the noise of their
feet and rushed helter-skelter to the deep water for safety.  On
seeing the rapid disappearance of the Frogs, one of the Hares
cried out to his companions:  "Stay, my friends, do not do as you
intended; for you now see that there are creatures who are still
more timid than ourselves."  
 

The Lion, Jupiter, and the Elephant 
 
THE LION wearied Jupiter with his frequent complaints.  "It is
true, O Jupiter!"  he said, "that I am gigantic in strength,
handsome in shape, and powerful in attack.  I have jaws well
provided with teeth, and feet furnished with claws, and I lord it
over all the beasts of the forest, and what a disgrace it is,
that being such as I am, I should be frightened by the crowing of
a cock."  Jupiter replied, "Why do you blame me without a cause? I
have given you all the attributes which I possess myself, and
your courage never fails you except in this one instance."  On
hearing this the Lion groaned and lamented very much and,
reproaching himself with his cowardice, wished that he might die. 
As these thoughts passed through his mind, he met an Elephant and
came close to hold a conversation with him.  After a time he
observed that the Elephant shook his ears very often, and he
inquired what was the matter and why his ears moved with such a
tremor every now and then.  Just at that moment a Gnat settled on
the head of the Elephant, and he replied, "Do you see that little
buzzing insect? If it enters my ear, my fate is sealed.  I should
die presently."  The Lion said, "Well, since so huge a beast is
afraid of a tiny gnat, I will no more complain, nor wish myself
dead.  I find myself, even as I am, better off than the
Elephant."  
 
The Lamb and the Wolf 
 
A WOLF pursued a Lamb, which fled for refuge to a certain Temple. 
The Wolf called out to him and said, "The Priest will slay you in
sacrifice, if he should catch you."  On which the Lamb replied,
"It would be better for me to be sacrificed in the Temple than to
be eaten by you."  
 

The Rich Man and the Tanner 
 
A RICH MAN lived near a Tanner, and not being able to bear the
unpleasant smell of the tan-yard, he pressed his neighbor to go
away.  The Tanner put off his departure from time to time, saying
that he would leave soon.  But as he still continued to stay, as
time went on, the rich man became accustomed to the smell, and
feeling no manner of inconvenience, made no further complaints.  
 

The Shipwrecked Man and the Sea 
 
A SHIPWRECKED MAN, having been cast upon a certain shore, slept
after his buffetings with the deep.  After a while he awoke, and
looking upon the Sea, loaded it with reproaches.  He argued that
it enticed men with the calmness of its looks, but when it had
induced them to plow its waters, it grew rough and destroyed
them.  The Sea, assuming the form of a woman, replied to him:
"Blame not me, my good sir, but the winds, for I am by my own
nature as calm and firm even as this earth; but the winds
suddenly falling on me create these waves, and lash me into
fury."  
 

The Mules and the Robbers 
 
TWO MULES well-laden with packs were trudging along.  One carried
panniers filled with money, the other sacks weighted with grain. 
The Mule carrying the treasure walked with head erect, as if
conscious of the value of his burden, and tossed up and down the
clear-toned bells fastened to his neck.  His companion followed
with quiet and easy step.  All of a sudden Robbers rushed upon
them from their hiding-places, and in the scuffle with their
owners, wounded with a sword the Mule carrying the treasure,
which they greedily seized while taking no notice of the grain. 
The Mule which had been robbed and wounded bewailed his
misfortunes.  The other replied, "I am indeed glad that I was
thought so little of, for I have lost nothing, nor am I hurt with
any wound."  
 

The Viper and the File 
 
A LION, entering the workshop of a smith, sought from the tools
the means of satisfying his hunger.  He more particularly
addressed himself to a File, and asked of him the favor of a
meal.  The File replied, "You must indeed be a simple-minded
fellow if you expect to get anything from me, who am accustomed
to take from everyone, and never to give anything in return."  
 

The Lion and the Shepherd 
 
A LION, roaming through a forest, trod upon a thorn.  Soon
afterward he came up to a Shepherd and fawned upon him, wagging
his tail as if to say, "I am a suppliant, and seek your aid."  The
Shepherd boldly examined the beast, discovered the thorn, and
placing his paw upon his lap, pulled it out; thus relieved of his
pain, the Lion returned into the forest.  Some time after, the
Shepherd, being imprisoned on a false accusation, was condemned
"to be cast to the Lions" as the punishment for his imputed
crime.  But when the Lion was released from his cage, he
recognized the Shepherd as the man who healed him, and instead of
attacking him, approached and placed his foot upon his lap.  The
King, as soon as he heard the tale, ordered the Lion to be set
free again in the forest, and the Shepherd to be pardoned and
restored to his friends.  
 

The Camel and Jupiter 
 
THE CAMEL, when he saw the Bull adorned with horns, envied him
and wished that he himself could obtain the same honors.  He went
to Jupiter, and besought him to give him horns.  Jupiter, vexed
at his request because he was not satisfied with his size and
strength of body, and desired yet more, not only refused to give
him horns, but even deprived him of a portion of his ears.  
 

The Panther and the Shepherds 
 
A PANTHER, by some mischance, fell into a pit.  The Shepherds
discovered him, and some threw sticks at him and pelted him with
stones, while others, moved with compassion towards one about to
die even though no one should hurt him, threw in some food to
prolong his life.  At night they returned home, not dreaming of
any danger, but supposing that on the morrow they would find him
dead.  The Panther, however, when he had recruited his feeble
strength, freed himself with a sudden bound from the pit, and
hastened to his den with rapid steps.  After a few days he came
forth and slaughtered the cattle, and, killing the Shepherds who
had attacked him, raged with angry fury.  Then they who had
spared his life, fearing for their safety, surrendered to him
their flocks and begged only for their lives.  To them the
Panther made this reply:  "I remember alike those who sought my
life with stones, and those who gave me food    
aside, therefore, your fears.  I return as an enemy only to those
who injured me."  
 

The Ass and the Charger 
 
AN ASS congratulated a Horse on being so ungrudgingly and
carefully provided for, while he himself had scarcely enough to
eat and not even that without hard work.  But when war broke out,
a heavily armed soldier mounted the Horse, and riding him to the
charge, rushed into the very midst of the enemy.  The Horse was
wounded and fell dead on the battlefield.  Then the Ass, seeing
all these things, changed his mind, and commiserated the Horse.  
 

The Eagle and His Captor 
 
AN EAGLE was once captured by a man, who immediately clipped his
wings and put him into his poultry-yard with the other birds, at
which treatment the Eagle was weighed down with grief.  Later,
another neighbor purchased him and allowed his feathers to grow
again.  The Eagle took flight, and pouncing upon a hare, brought
it at once as an offering to his benefactor.  A Fox, seeing this,
exclaimed, "Do not cultivate the favor of this man, but of your
former owner, lest he should again hunt for you and deprive you a
second time of your wings."  
 

The Bald Man and the Fly 
 
A FLY bit the bare head of a Bald Man who, endeavoring to destroy
it, gave himself a heavy slap.  Escaping, the Fly said mockingly,
"You who have wished to revenge, even with death, the Prick of a
tiny insect, see what you have done to yourself to add insult to
injury?'  The Bald Man replied, "I can easily make peace with
myself, because I know there was no intention to hurt.  But you,
an ill-favored and contemptible insect who delights in sucking
human blood, I wish that I could have killed you even if I had
incurred a heavier penalty."  
 

The Olive-Tree and the Fig-Tree 
 
THE OLIVE-TREE ridiculed the Fig-Tree because, while she was
green all the year round, the Fig-Tree changed its leaves with
the seasons.  A shower of snow fell upon them, and, finding the
Olive full of foliage, it settled upon its branches and broke
them down with its weight, at once despoiling it of its beauty
and killing the tree.  But finding the Fig-Tree denuded of
leaves, the snow fell through to the ground, and did not injure
it at all.  
 

The Eagle and the Kite 
 
AN EAGLE, overwhelmed with sorrow, sat upon the branches of a
tree in company with a Kite.  "Why," said the Kite, "do I see you
with such a rueful look?'  "I seek," she replied, "a mate suitable
for me, and am not able to find one."  "Take me," returned the
Kite, "I am much stronger than you are."  "Why, are you able to
secure the means of living by your plunder?'  "Well, I have often
caught and carried away an ostrich in my talons."  The Eagle,
persuaded by these words, accepted him as her mate.  Shortly
after the nuptials, the Eagle said, "Fly off and bring me back
the ostrich you promised me."  The Kite, soaring aloft into the
air, brought back the shabbiest possible mouse, stinking from the
length of time it had lain about the fields.  "Is this," said the
Eagle, "the faithful fulfillment of your promise to me?'  The Kite
replied, "That I might attain your royal hand, there is nothing
that I would not have promised, however much I knew that I must
fail in the performance."  
 

The Ass and His Driver 
 
AN ASS, being driven along a high road, suddenly started off and
bolted to the brink of a deep precipice.  While he was in the act
of throwing himself over, his owner seized him by the tail,
endeavoring to pull him back.  When the Ass persisted in his
effort, the man let him go and said, "Conquer, but conquer to
your cost."  
 

The Thrush and the Fowler 
 
A THRUSH was feeding on a myrtle-tree and did not move from it
because its berries were so delicious.  A Fowler observed her
staying so long in one spot, and having well bird-limed his
reeds, caught her.  The Thrush, being at the point of death,
exclaimed, "O foolish creature that I am! For the sake of a
little pleasant food I have deprived myself of my life."  
 

The Rose and the Amaranth 
 
AN AMARANTH planted in a garden near a Rose-Tree, thus addressed
it:  "What a lovely flower is the Rose, a favorite alike with Gods
and with men.  I envy you your beauty and your perfume."  The Rose
replied, "I indeed, dear Amaranth, flourish but for a brief
season! If no cruel hand pluck me from my stem, yet I must perish
by an early doom.  But thou art immortal and dost never fade, but
bloomest for ever in renewed youth."  
 

The Frogs' Complaint Against the Sun 
 
ONCE UPON A TIME, when the Sun announced his intention to take a
wife, the Frogs lifted up their voices in clamor to the sky. 
Jupiter, disturbed by the noise of their croaking, inquired the
cause of their complaint.  One of them said, "The Sun, now while
he is single, parches up the marsh, and compels us to die
miserably in our arid homes.  What will be our future condition
if he should beget other suns?'  
 

LIFE OF AESOP 
 
THE LIFE and History of Aesop is involved, like that of Homer,
the most famous of Greek poets, in much obscurity.  Sardis, the
capital of Lydia; Samos, a Greek island; Mesembria, an ancient
colony in Thrace; and Cotiaeum, the chief city of a province of
Phrygia, contend for the distinction of being the birthplace of
Aesop.  Although the honor thus claimed cannot be definitely
assigned to any one of these places, yet there are a few
incidents now generally accepted by scholars as established
facts, relating to the birth, life, and death of Aesop.  He is,
by an almost universal consent, allowed to have been born about
the year 620 B.C., and to have been by birth a slave.  He was
owned by two masters in succession, both inhabitants of Samos,
Xanthus and Jadmon, the latter of whom gave him his liberty as a
reward for his learning and wit.  One of the privileges of a
freedman in the ancient republics of Greece, was the permission
to take an active interest in public affairs; and Aesop, like the
philosophers Phaedo, Menippus, and Epictetus, in later times,
raised himself from the indignity of a servile condition to a
position of high renown.  In his desire alike to instruct and to
be instructed, he travelled through many countries, and among
others came to Sardis, the capital of the famous king of Lydia,
the great patron, in that day, of learning and of learned men. 
He met at the court of Croesus with Solon, Thales, and other
sages, and is related so to have pleased his royal master, by the
part he took in the conversations held with these philosophers,
that he applied to him an expression which has since passed into
a proverb, "The Phrygian has spoken better than all."  
 
On the invitation of Croesus he fixed his residence at Sardis,
and was employed by that monarch in various difficult and
delicate affairs of State.  In his discharge of these commissions
he visited the different petty republics of Greece.  At one time
he is found in Corinth, and at another in Athens, endeavouring,
by the narration of some of his wise fables, to reconcile the
inhabitants of those cities to the administration of their
respective rulers Periander and Pisistratus.  One of these
ambassadorial missions, undertaken at the command of Croesus, was
the occasion of his death.  Having been sent to Delphi with a
large sum of gold for distribution among the citizens, he was so
provoked at their covetousness that he refused to divide the
money, and sent it back to his master.  The Delphians, enraged at
this treatment, accused him of impiety, and, in spite of his
sacred character as ambassador, executed him as a public
criminal.  This cruel death of Aesop was not unavenged.  The
citizens of Delphi were visited with a series of calamities,
until they made a public reparation of their crime; and, "The
blood of Aesop" became a well- 
known adage, bearing witness to the truth that deeds of wrong
would not pass unpunished.  Neither did the great fabulist lack
posthumous honors; for a statue was erected to his memory at
Athens, the work of Lysippus, one of the most famous of Greek
sculptors.  Phaedrus thus immortalizes the event:

Aesopo ingentem statuam posuere Attici,
Servumque collocarunt aeterna in basi:  
Patere honoris scirent ut cuncti viam; 
Nec generi tribui sed virtuti gloriam.
 
These few facts are all that can be relied on with any degree of
certainty, in reference to the birth, life, and death of Aesop. 
They were first brought to light, after a patient search and
diligent perusal of ancient authors, by a Frenchman, M. Claude
Gaspard Bachet de Mezeriac, who declined the honor of being
tutor to Louis XIII of France, from his desire to devote himself
exclusively to literature.  He published his Life of Aesop, Anno
Domini 1632.  The later investigations of a host of English and
German scholars have added very little to the facts given by M.
Mezeriac.  The substantial truth of his statements has been
confirmed by later criticism and inquiry.  It remains to state,
that prior to this publication of M. Mezeriac, the life of Aesop
was from the pen of Maximus Planudes, a monk of Constantinople,
who was sent on an embassy to Venice by the Byzantine Emperor
Andronicus the elder, and who wrote in the early part of the
fourteenth century.  His life was prefixed to all the early
editions of these fables, and was republished as late as 1727 by
Archdeacon Croxall as the introduction to his edition of Aesop. 
This life by Planudes contains, however, so small an amount of
truth, and is so full of absurd pictures of the grotesque
deformity of Aesop, of wondrous apocryphal stories, of lying
legends, and gross anachronisms, that it is now universally
condemned as false, puerile, and unauthentic.  l It is given up
in the present day, by general consent, as unworthy of the
slightest credit.  
G.F.T.  
 
1 M. Bayle thus characterises this Life of Aesop by Planudes,
"Tous les habiles gens conviennent que c'est un roman, et que les
absurdites grossieres qui l'on y trouve le rendent indigne de
toute."
Dictionnaire Historique.  Art.  Esope.  
*********Preface********
PREFACE 
 
THE TALE, the Parable, and the Fable are all common and popular
modes of conveying instruction.  Each is distinguished by its own
special characteristics.  The Tale consists simply in the
narration of a story either founded on facts, or created solely
by the imagination, and not necessarily associated with the
teaching of any moral lesson.  The Parable is the designed use of
language purposely intended to convey a hidden and secret
meaning other than that contained in the words themselves; and
which may or may not bear a special reference to the hearer, or
reader.  The Fable partly agrees with, and partly differs from
both of these.  It will contain, like the Tale, a short but real
narrative; it will seek, like the Parable, to convey a hidden
meaning, and that not so much by the use of language, as by the
skilful introduction of fictitious characters; and yet unlike to
either Tale or Parable, it will ever keep in view, as its high
prerogative, and inseparable attribute, the great purpose of
instruction, and will necessarily seek to inculcate some moral
maxim, social duty, or political truth.  The true Fable, if it
rise to its high requirements, ever aims at one great end and
purpose representation of human motive, and the improvement of
human conduct, and yet it so conceals its design under the
disguise of fictitious characters, by clothing with speech the
animals of the field, the birds of the air, the trees of the
wood, or the beasts of the forest, that the reader shall receive
advice without perceiving the presence of the adviser.  Thus the
superiority of the counsellor, which often renders counsel
unpalatable, is kept out of view, and the lesson comes with the
greater acceptance when the reader is led, unconsciously to
himself, to have his sympathies enlisted in behalf of what is
pure, honorable, and praiseworthy, and to have his indignation
excited against what is low, ignoble, and unworthy.  The true
fabulist, therefore, discharges a most important function.  He is
neither a narrator, nor an allegorist.  He is a great teacher, a
corrector of morals, a censor of vice, and a commender of virtue. 
In this consists the superiority of the Fable over the Tale or
the Parable.  The fabulist is to create a laugh, but yet, under a
merry guise, to convey instruction.  Phaedrus, the great imitator
of Aesop, plainly indicates this double purpose to be the true
office of the writer of fables.  
 
Duplex libelli dos est:  quod risum movet, 
Et quod prudenti vitam consilio monet.  
 
The continual observance of this twofold aim creates the charm,
and accounts for the universal favor, of the fables of Aesop. 
"The fable," says Professor K. O. Mueller, "originated in Greece
in an intentional travestie of human affairs.  The 'ainos,' as
its name denotes, is an admonition, or rather a reproof veiled,
either from fear of an excess of frankness, or from a love of fun
and jest, beneath the fiction of an occurrence happening among
beasts; and wherever we have any ancient and authentic account of
the Aesopian fables, we find it to be the same."  l 
 
The construction of a fable involves a minute attention to (1)
the narration itself; (2) the deduction of the moral; and (3) a
careful maintenance of the individual characteristics of the
fictitious personages introduced into it.  The narration should
relate to one simple action, consistent with itself, and neither
be overladen with a multiplicity of details, nor distracted by a
variety of circumstances.  The moral or lesson should be so
plain, and so intimately interwoven with, and so necessarily
dependent on, the narration, that every reader should be
compelled to give to it the same undeniable interpretation.  The
introduction of the animals or fictitious characters should be
marked with an unexceptionable care and attention to their
natural attributes, and to the qualities attributed to them by
universal popular consent.  The Fox should be always cunning, the
Hare timid, the Lion bold, the Wolf cruel, the Bull strong, the
Horse proud, and the Ass patient.  Many of these fables are
characterized by the strictest observance of these rules.  They
are occupied with one short narrative, from which the moral
naturally flows, and with which it is intimately associated. 
"'Tis the simple manner," says Dodsley, 2 "in which the morals of
Aesop are interwoven with his fables that distinguishes him, and
gives him the preference over all other mythologists.  His
'Mountain delivered of a Mouse,' produces the moral of his fable
in ridicule of pompous pretenders; and his Crow, when she drops
her cheese, lets fall, as it were by accident, the strongest
admonition against the power of flattery.  There is no need of a
separate sentence to explain it; no possibility of impressing it
deeper, by that load we too often see of accumulated
reflections."  3 An equal amount of praise is due for the
consistency with which the characters of the animals,
fictitiously introduced, are marked.  While they are made to
depict the motives and passions of men, they retain, in an
eminent degree, their own special features of craft or counsel,
of cowardice or courage, of generosity or rapacity.  
 
These terms of praise, it must be confessed, cannot be bestowed
on all the fables in this collection.  Many of them lack that
unity of design, that close connection of the moral with the
narrative, that wise choice in the introduction of the animals,
which constitute the charm and excellency of true Aesopian fable. 
This inferiority of some to others is sufficiently accounted for
in the history of the origin and descent of these fables.  The
great bulk of them are not the immediate work of Aesop.  Many are
obtained from ancient authors prior to the time in which he
lived.  Thus, the fable of the "Hawk and the Nightingale" is
related by Hesiod; 4 the "Eagle wounded by an Arrow, winged with
its own Feathers," by Aeschylus; 5 the "Fox avenging his wrongs
on the Eagle," by Archilochus.  6 Many of them again are of later
origin, and are to be traced to the monks of the middle ages:  and
yet this collection, though thus made up of fables both earlier
and later than the era of Aesop, rightfully bears his name,
because he composed so large a number (all framed in the same
mould, and conformed to the same fashion, and stamped with the
same lineaments, image, and superscription) as to secure to
himself the right to be considered the father of Greek fables,
and the founder of this class of writing, which has ever since
borne his name, and has secured for him, through all succeeding
ages, the position of the first of moralists.7 
 
The fables were in the first instance only narrated by Aesop, and
for a long time were handed down by the uncertain channel of oral
tradition.  Socrates is mentioned by Plato 8 as having employed
his time while in prison, awaiting the return of the sacred ship
from Delphos which was to be the signal of his death, in turning
some of these fables into verse, but he thus versified only such
as he remembered.  Demetrius Phalereus, a philosopher at Athens
about 300 B.C., is said to have made the first collection of
these fables.  Phaedrus, a slave by birth or by subsequent
misfortunes, and admitted by Augustus to the honors of a
freedman, imitated many of these fables in Latin iambics about
the commencement of the Christian era.  Aphthonius, a rhetorician
of Antioch, A.D. 315, wrote a treatise on, and converted into
Latin prose, some of these fables.  This translation is the more
worthy of notice, as it illustrates a custom of common use, both
in these and in later times.  The rhetoricians and philosophers
were accustomed to give the Fables of Aesop as an exercise to
their scholars, not only inviting them to discuss the moral of
the tale, but also to practice and to perfect themselves thereby
in style and rules of grammar, by making for themselves new and
various versions of the fables.  Ausonius, 9 the friend of the
Emperor Valentinian, and the latest poet of eminence in the
Western Empire, has handed down some of these fables in verse,
which Julianus Titianus, a contemporary writer of no great name,
translated into prose.  Avienus, also a contemporary of Ausonius,
put some of these fables into Latin elegiacs, which are given by
Nevelet (in a book we shall refer to hereafter), and are
occasionally incorporated with the editions of Phaedrus.  
 
Seven centuries elapsed before the next notice is found of the
Fables of Aesop.  During this long period these fables seem to
have suffered an eclipse, to have disappeared and to have been
forgotten; and it is at the commencement of the fourteenth
century, when the Byzantine emperors were the great patrons of
learning, and amidst the splendors of an Asiatic court, that we
next find honors paid to the name and memory of Aesop.  Maximus
Planudes, a learned monk of Constantinople, made a collection of
about a hundred and fifty of these fables.  Little is known of
his history.  Planudes, however, was no mere recluse, shut up in
his monastery.  He took an active part in public affairs.  In
1327 A.D.  he was sent on a diplomatic mission to Venice by the
Emperor Andronicus the Elder.  This brought him into immediate
contact with the Western Patriarch, whose interests he henceforth
advocated with so much zeal as to bring on him suspicion and
persecution from the rulers of the Eastern Church.  Planudes has
been exposed to a two-fold accusation.  He is charged on the one
hand with having had before him a copy of Babrias (to whom we
shall have occasion to refer at greater length in the end of this
Preface), and to have had the bad taste "to transpose," or to
turn his poetical version into prose:  and he is asserted, on the
other hand, never to have seen the Fables of Aesop at all, but to
have himself invented and made the fables which he palmed off
under the name of the famous Greek fabulist.  The truth lies
between these two extremes.  Planudes may have invented some few
fables, or have inserted some that were current in his day; but
there is an abundance of unanswerable internal evidence to prove
that he had an acquaintance with the veritable fables of Aesop,
although the versions he had access to were probably corrupt, as
contained in the various translations and disquisitional
exercises of the rhetoricians and philosophers.  His collection
is interesting and important, not only as the parent source or
foundation of the earlier printed versions of Aesop, but as the
direct channel of attracting to these fables the attention of the
learned.  
 
The eventual re-introduction, however, of these Fables of Aesop
to their high place in the general literature of Christendom, is
to be looked for in the West rather than in the East.  The
calamities gradually thickening round the Eastern Empire, and the
fall of Constantinople, 1453 A.D.  combined with other events to
promote the rapid restoration of learning in Italy; and with that
recovery of learning the revival of an interest in the Fables of
Aesop is closely identified.  These fables, indeed, were among
the first writings of an earlier antiquity that attracted
attention.  They took their place beside the Holy Scriptures and
the ancient classic authors, in the minds of the great students
of that day.  Lorenzo Valla, one of the most famous promoters of
Italian learning, not only translated into Latin the Iliad of
Homer and the Histories of Herodotus and Thucydides, but also the
Fables of Aesop.  
 
These fables, again, were among the books brought into an
extended circulation by the agency of the printing press.  Bonus
Accursius, as early as 1475-1480, printed the collection of these
fables, made by Planudes, which, within five years afterwards,
Caxton translated into English, and printed at his press in West-
minster Abbey, 1485.  10 It must be mentioned also that the
learning of this age has left permanent traces of its influence
on these fables, ll by causing the interpolation with them of
some of those amusing stories which were so frequently introduced
into the public discourses of the great preachers of those days,
and of which specimens are yet to be found in the extant sermons
of Jean Raulin, Meffreth, and Gabriel Barlette.   12 The
publication of this era which most probably has influenced these
fables, is the "Liber Facetiarum," l3 a book consisting of a
hundred jests and stories, by the celebrated Poggio Bracciolini,
published A.D.  1471, from which the two fables of the "Miller,
his Son, and the Ass," and the "Fox and the Woodcutter," are
undoubtedly selected.  
 
The knowledge of these fables rapidly spread from Italy into
Germany, and their popularity was increased by the favor and
sanction given to them by the great fathers of the Reformation,
who frequently used them as vehicles for satire and protest
against the tricks and abuses of the Romish ecclesiastics.  The
zealous and renowned Camerarius, who took an active part in the
preparation of the Confession of Augsburgh, found time, amidst
his numerous avocations, to prepare a version for the students in
the university of Tubingen, in which he was a professor.  Martin
Luther translated twenty of these fables, and was urged by
Melancthon to complete the whole; while Gottfried Arnold, the
celebrated Lutheran theologian, and librarian to Frederick I,
king of Prussia, mentions that the great Reformer valued the
Fables of Aesop next after the Holy Scriptures.  In 1546 A.D. 
the second printed edition of the collection of the Fables made
by Planudes, was issued from the printing-press of Robert
Stephens, in which were inserted some additional fables from a
MS. in the Bibliotheque du Roy at Paris.  
 
The greatest advance, however, towards a re-introduction of the
Fables of Aesop to a place in the literature of the world, was
made in the early part of the seventeenth century.  In the year
1610, a learned Swiss, Isaac Nicholas Nevelet, sent forth the
third printed edition of these fables, in a work entitled
"Mythologia Aesopica."  This was a noble effort to do honor to
the great fabulist, and was the most perfect collection of
Aesopian fables ever yet published.  It consisted, in addition to
the collection of fables given by Planudes and reprinted in the
various earlier editions, of one hundred and thirty-six new
fables (never before published) from MSS.  in the Library of the
Vatican, of forty fables attributed to Aphthonius, and of
forty-three from Babrias.  It also contained the Latin versions
of the same fables by Phaedrus, Avienus, and other authors.  This
volume of Nevelet forms a complete "Corpus Fabularum
Aesopicarum;" and to his labors Aesop owes his restoration to
universal favor as one of the wise moralists and great teachers
of mankind.  During the interval of three centuries which has
elapsed since the publication of this volume of Nevelet's, no
book, with the exception of the Holy Scriptures, has had a wider
circulation than Aesop's Fables.  They have been translated into
the greater number of the languages both of Europe and of the
East, and have been read, and will be read, for generations,
alike by Jew, Heathen, Mohammedan, and Christian.  They are, at
the present time, not only engrafted into the literature of the
civilized world, but are familiar as household words in the
common intercourse and daily conversation of the inhabitants of
all countries.  
 
This collection of Nevelet's is the great culminating point in
the history of the revival of the fame and reputation of Aesopian
Fables.  It is remarkable, also, as containing in its preface the
germ of an idea, which has been since proved to have been correct
by a strange chain of circumstances.  Nevelet intimates an
opinion, that a writer named Babrias would be found to be the
veritable author of the existing form of Aesopian Fables.  This
intimation has since given rise to a series of inquiries, the
knowledge of which is necessary, in the present day, to a full
understanding of the true position of Aesop in connection with
the writings that bear his name.  
 
The history of Babrias is so strange and interesting, that it
might not unfitly be enumerated among the curiosities of
literature.  He is generally supposed to have been a Greek of
Asia Minor, of one of the Ionic Colonies, but the exact period in
which he lived and wrote is yet unsettled.  He is placed, by one
critic, l4 as far back as the institution of the Achaian League,
B.C.  250; by another as late as the Emperor Severus, who died
A.D.  235; while others make him a contemporary with Phaedrus in
the time of Augustus.  At whatever time he wrote his version of
Aesop, by some strange accident it seems to have entirely
disappeared, and to have been lost sight of.  His name is
mentioned by Avienus; by Suidas, a celebrated critic, at the
close of the eleventh century, who gives in his lexicon several
isolated verses of his version of the fables; and by John
Tzetzes, a grammarian and poet of Constantinople, who lived
during the latter half of the twelfth century.  Nevelet, in the
preface to the volume which we have described, points out that
the Fables of Planudes could not be the work of Aesop, as they
contain a reference in two places to "Holy monks," and give a
verse from the Epistle of St.  James as an "Epimith" to one of
the fables, and suggests Babrias as their author.  Francis
Vavassor, 15 a learned French jesuit, entered at greater length
on this subject, and produced further proofs from internal
evidence, from the use of the word Piraeus in describing the
harbour of Athens, a name which was not given till two hundred
years after Aesop, and from the introduction of other modern
words, that many of these fables must have been at least
committed to writing posterior to the time of Aesop, and more
boldly suggests Babrias as their author or collector.  16 These
various references to Babrias induced Dr. Plichard Bentley, at
the close of the seventeenth century, to examine more minutely
the existing versions of Aesop's Fables, and he maintained that
many of them could, with a slight change of words, be resolved
into the Scazonic l7 iambics, in which Babrias is known to have
written:  and, with a greater freedom than the evidence then
justified, he put forth, in behalf of Babrias, a claim to the
exclusive authorship of these fables.  Such a seemingly
extravagant theory, thus roundly asserted, excited much
opposition.  Dr. Bentley l8 met with an able antagonist in a
member of the University of Oxford, the Hon.  Mr.  Charles Boyle,
19 afterwards Earl of Orrery.  Their letters and disputations on
this subject, enlivened on both sides with much wit and learning,
will ever bear a conspicuous place in the literary history of the
seventeenth century.  The arguments of Dr. Bentley were yet
further defended a few years later by Mr.  Thomas Tyrwhitt, a
well-read scholar, who gave up high civil distinctions that he
might devote himself the more unreservedly to literary pursuits. 
Mr.  Tyrwhitt published, A.D.  1776, a Dissertation on Babrias,
and a collection of his fables in choliambic meter found in a MS. 
in the Bodleian Library at Oxford.  Francesco de Furia, a learned
Italian, contributed further testimony to the correctness of the
supposition that Babrias had made a veritable collection of
fables by printing from a MS.  contained in the Vatican library
several fables never before published.  In the year 1844,
however, new and unexpected light was thrown upon this subject. 
A veritable copy of Babrias was found in a manner as singular as
were the MSS.  of Quinctilian's Institutes, and of Cicero's
Orations by Poggio in the monastery of St.  Gall A.D.  1416.  M.
Menoides, at the suggestion of M. Villemain, Minister of Public
Instruction to King Louis Philippe, had been entrusted with a
commission to search for ancient MSS., and in carrying out his
instructions he found a MS.  at the convent of St.  Laura, on
Mount Athos, which proved to be a copy of the long suspected and
wished-for choliambic version of Babrias.  This MS.  was found to
be divided into two books, the one containing a hundred and
twenty-five, and the other ninety-five fables.  This discovery
attracted very general attention, not only as confirming, in a
singular manner, the conjectures so boldly made by a long chain
of critics, but as bringing to light valuable literary treasures
tending to establish the reputation, and to confirm the antiquity
and authenticity of the great mass of Aesopian Fable.  The Fables
thus recovered were soon published.  They found a most worthy
editor in the late distinguished Sir George Cornewall Lewis, and
a translator equally qualified for his task, in the Reverend
James Davies, M.A., sometime a scholar of Lincoln College,
Oxford, and himself a relation of their English editor.  Thus,
after an eclipse of many centuries, Babrias shines out as the
earliest, and most reliable collector of veritable Aesopian
Fables.  
 
The following are the sources from which the present translation
has been prepared:     Babrii Fabulae Aesopeae.  George Cornewall
Lewis.  Oxford, 1846.  
Babrii Fabulae Aesopeae.  E codice manuscripto partem secundam
edidit.  George Cornewall Lewis.  London:  Parker, 1857.  
Mythologica Aesopica.  Opera et studia Isaaci Nicholai Neveleti. 
Frankfort, 1610.  
Fabulae Aesopiacae, quales ante Planudem ferebantur cura et
studio Francisci de Furia.  Lipsiae, 1810.  
??????????????.  Ex recognitione Caroli Halmii.  Lipsiae, Phaedri
Fabulae Esopiae.  Delphin Classics.  1822.  
 
GEORGE FYLER TOWNSEND 
 
FOOTNOTES 
 
1 A History of the Literature of Ancient Greece, by K.  O. 
Mueller.  Vol.  i, p.  l9l.  London, Parker, 1858.  
2 Select Fables of Aesop, and other Fabulists.  In three books,
translated by Robert Dodsley, accompanied with a selection of
notes, and an Essay on Fable. Birmingham, 1864.  P.  60.  
3 Some of these fables had, no doubt, in the first instance, a
primary and private interpretation.  On the first occasion of
their being composed they were intended to refer to some passing
event, or to some individual acts of wrong-doing.  Thus, the
fables of the "Eagle and the Fox" and of the "Fox and Monkey' are
supposed to have been written by Archilochus, to avenge the
injuries done him by Lycambes.  So also the fables of the
"Swollen Fox" and of the "Frogs asking a King" were spoken by
Aesop for the immediate purpose of reconciling the inhabitants of
Samos and Athens to their respective rulers, Periander and
Pisistratus; while the fable of the "Horse and Stag" was composed
to caution the inhabitants of Himera against granting a bodyguard
to Phalaris.  In a similar manner, the fable from Phaedrus, the
"Marriage of the Sun," is supposed to have reference to the
contemplated union of Livia, the daughter of Drusus, with Sejanus
the favourite, and minister of Trajan.  These fables, however,
though thus originating in special events, and designed at first
to meet special circumstances, are so admirably constructed as to
be fraught with lessons of general utility, and of universal
application.  
4 Hesiod.  Opera et Dies, verse 202.  
5 Aeschylus.  Fragment of the Myrmidons.  Aeschylus speaks of
this fable as existing before his day.  See Scholiast on the Aves
of Aristophanes, line 808.  
6 Fragment.  38, ed.  Gaisford.  See also Mueller's History of
the Literature of Ancient Greece, vol.  i.  pp.  190-193.  
7 M. Bayle has well put this in his account of Aesop.  "Il n'y a
point d'apparence que les fables qui portent aujourd'hui son nom
soient les memes qu'il avait faites; elles viennent bien de lui
pour la plupart, quant a la matiere et la pensee; mais les
paroles sont d'un autre."  And again, "C'est donc a Hesiode, que
j'aimerais mieux attribuer la gloire de l'invention; mais sans
doute il laissa la chose tres imparfaite.  Esope la perfectionne
si heureusement, qu'on l'a regarde comme le vrai pere de cette
sorte de production."   M. Bayle.  Dictionnaire Historique.   
8 Plato in Ph2done.  
9 Apologos en! misit tibi    
  Ab usque Rheni limite  
  Ausonius nomen Italum  
  Praeceptor Augusti tui     
  Aesopiam trimetriam;   
  Quam vertit exili stylo    
  Pedestre concinnans opus   
  Fandi Titianus artifex.  
        Ausonii Epistola, xvi.  75-80.  
10 Both these publications are in the British Museum, and are
placed in the library in cases under glass, for the inspection of
the curious.  
ll Fables may possibly have been not entirely unknown to the
mediaeval scholars.  There are two celebrated works which might
by some be classed amongst works of this description.  The one is
the "Speculum Sapientiae," attributed to St.  Cyril, Archbishop
of Jerusalem, but of a considerably later origin, and existing
only in Latin.  It is divided into four books, and consists of
long conversations conducted by fictitious characters under the
figures  the beasts of the field and forest, and aimed at the
rebuke of particular classes of men, the boastful, the proud, the
luxurious, the wrathful, &c.  None of the stories are precisely
those of Aesop, and none have the concinnity, terseness, and
unmistakable deduction of the lesson intended to be taught by
the fable, so conspicuous in the great Greek fabulist.  The exact
title of the book is this:  "Speculum Sapientiae, B.  Cyrilli
Episcopi:  alias quadripartitus apologeticus vocatus, in cujus
quidem proverbiis omnis et totius sapientiae speculum claret et
feliciter incipit."  The other is a larger work in two volumes,
published in the fourteenth century by Caesar Heisterbach, a
Cistercian monk, under the title of "Dialogus Miraculorum,"
reprinted in 1851.  This work consists of conversations in which
many stories are interwoven on all kinds of subjects.  It has no
correspondence with the pure Aesopian fable.  
12 Post-medieval Preachers, by S. Baring-Gould.  Rivingtons,
1865.  
13 For an account of this work see the Life of Poggio
Bracciolini, by the Rev.  William Shepherd.  Liverpool.  1801.  
14 Professor Theodore Bergh.  See Classical Museum, No.  viii. 
July, 1849.  
15 Vavassor's treatise, entitled "De Ludicra Dictione" was
written A.D.  1658, at the request of the celebrated M. Balzac
(though published after his death), for the purpose of showing
that the burlesque style of writing adopted by Scarron and
D'Assouci, and at that time so popular in France, had no sanction
from the ancient classic writers.  Francisci Vavassoris opera 
omnia. Amsterdam. 1709.  
16 The claims of Babrias also found a warm advocate in the
learned Frenchman, M. Bayle, who, in his admirable dictionary,
(Dictionnaire Historique et Critique de Pierre Bayle.  Paris,
1820,) gives additional arguments in confirmation of the opinions
of his learned predecessors, Nevelet and Vavassor.  
17 Scazonic, or halting, iambics; a choliambic (a lame, halting
iambic) differs from the iambic Senarius in always having a
spondee or trichee for its last foot; the fifth foot, to avoid
shortness of meter, being generally an iambic.  See Fables of
Babrias, translated by Rev.  James Davies.  Lockwood, 1860. 
Preface, p.  27.  
18 See Dr. Bentley's Dissertations upon the Epistles of
Phalaris.  
19 Dr. Bentley's Dissertations on the Epistles of Phalaris, and
Fables of Aesop examined.  By the Honorable Charles Boyle.  

END. 


                                Alice in UNIX Land
    
    
    Alice was reading the message on her monitor and beginning to suspect
    that everything was not as it should be.  "Program too big to fit in
    memory," it read.

           "Curiouser and curiouser," she said, "All I did was load
    fourteen TSRs before starting my word processor.  With four megabytes,
    I wish I could use more than 640K."

           "At that moment, a small white consultant ( a very white
    consultant) ran across the room.  "Oh my coat and necktie," he said,
    "I'm going to be late for my appointment.  And at one fifty an hour,
    too."  Before Alice could say anything, he leaped into her monitor and
    disappeared behind her operating system.

           Alice thought that she had never seen anyone leap into a monitor
    before; and certainly not go clean through the operating system.  But
    then, she had been told that DOS was very shallow.  Without hesitating
    a moment, she leaped in after him.

           She found herself in a shiny corridor.  Not knowing what else to
    do, she began walking.  Turning a corner, she found herself facing two
    fat little men, each with an arm round the other's neck.  One had "POS"
    embroidered on his collar, and the "NEG".

           "I know," said Alice, "you two are a transistor."

           "Yes," said Positive.

           "Can you help me? asked Alice.

           "No," said Negative.

           "I'm looking for a white consultant." Alice pointed in the
    direction she had been walking.  "Did he go this way?" she asked.

           "No," said Negative.

           She pointed the other way.

           "Yes," said Positive.

           Soon Alice came upon a large brown table.  The Consultant was
    there, as was an apparently Mad Hacker, and several creatures that
    Alice did not recognize.  In one corner sat a Dormouse fast asleep.
    Over the table was a large sign that read "UNIX Conference."

           Everyone except the Dormouse was holding a paper cup, from which
    they were sampling what appeared to be custard.  "Wrong flavor," they
    all declared as they passed the cup the cup to the creature on their
    right and graciously took the one being offered on their left.  Alice
    watched them repeat this ritual three or four times before she
    approached and sat down.

           Immediately, a large toad leaped into her lap and looked at her
    as if it wanted to be loved.  "Grep," it exclaimed.

           "Don't mind him," explained the Mad Hacker.  "He's just looking
    for some string."

           "Nroff?" asked the Frog.

           The Mad Hacker handed Alice a cup of custard-like substance and
    a spoon.  "Here," he said, "what do you think of this?"

           "It looks lovely," said Alice, "very sweet." She tried a
    spoonful.  "Yuck!" she cried.  "It's awful.  What is it?"

           "Oh just another graphic interface for UNIX," answered the
    Hacker.

           Alice pointed to the sleeping Dormouse.  "Who's he?" she asked.

           "That's OS Too," explained the Hacker.  "We've pretty much given
    up on waking him.

           "Just than, a large, Blue Elephant sitting next to the Dormouse
    stood up.  "Ladies and gentlemen," he trumpeted pompously, "as the
    largest creature here, I feel impelled to state that we must take an
    Open Look at..."

           A young Job Sparrow on the other side of the table stood up
    angrily.  The Elephant noticed and changed his speech
    accordingly."...what our NextStep will be.

           "Half the creatures bowed in respect while the other half
    snickered quietly to themselves.  Just then, OS Too fell over in his
    sleep, crashing into the Elephant and taking him down with him.  No one
    seemed a bit surprised.

           "What we need," declared a Sun Bear as he lapped up custard with
    his long tongue," is a flavor that goes down like the Macintosh.

           "Suddenly, the White Consultant began jumping up and down as his
    face got red.  "No, no, no! he screamed.  "No one pays one fifty an
    hour to Macintosh consultants!"

           "Awk," said the Frog.

           "Users," explained the Sun Bear, "want an easy interface that
    they will not have to learn."

           "Users?" cried the Consultant in disbelief. "Users?! You mean
    secretaries, accountants, architects. Manual laborers!"

           "Well," responded the Sun Bear, "we've got to do something to
    make them want to switch to UNIX."

           "Do you think," said a Woodpecker who had been busy making a
    hole in the table, "that there might be a problem with the name `UNIX?'
    I mean, it does sort of suggest being less than a man."

           "Maybe we should try another name, " suggested the Job Sparrow,
    "like Brut, or Rambo."

           "Penix," suggested a Penguin.

           "Mount," said the Frog, "spawn."

           Alice slapped him. "Nice?" he asked.

           "But then again," suggested the Woodpecker, "what about the
    shrinkwrap issue?"

           Suddenly, everyone leaped up and started dashing about, waving
    their hands in the air and screaming.  Just as suddenly, they all sat
    down again.

    
           "Now that that's settled," said the Woodpecker, "let's go back
    to tasting flavors."

           Everyone at the table sampled a new cup of custard. "Wrong
    flavor," they all declared as they passed the cup to the creature on
    their right and took the one being offered on their left.

           Totally confused, Alice got up and left. After she had been
    walking away, she heard a familiar voice behind her.

           "Rem," is said, "edlin."

           Alice turned and saw the Frog. She smiled. "Those are queer
    sounding words," she said, "but at least I know what they mean."

           "Chkdsk," said the Frog.

    -----By Lincoln Spector     TEXAS COMPUTER CURRENTS     SEPTEMBER 
========
Path: Supernews69!supernews.com!news.ktb.net!news.cs.ucla.edu!drivel.ics.uci.edu!csulb.edu!gatech!howland.erols.net!cpk-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.bbnplanet.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!news.cyberhighway.net!not-for-mail
From: zul@cyberhighway.net (Zul)
Newsgroups: rec.humor,alt.humor,alt.tastelesshumor,alt.tasteless.jokes,alt.tastless.jokes,eunet.jokes,z-netz.alt.jokes
Subject: Tribute to Roswell: Aliens Take Over Earth
Date: Fri, 04 Jul 1997 08:54:01 GMT
Organization: CyberHighway Internet Services
Lines: 101
Message-ID: <33c1ba25.446807094@news.cyberhighway.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 206.26.253.15
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent .99g/32.339
Xref: Supernews69 rec.humor:319839 alt.humor:8032 alt.tasteless.jokes:166525 alt.tastless.jokes:462 eunet.jokes:39960 z-netz.alt.jokes:2394

Aliens Take Over Earth   
 

Two alien badasses landed in Kansas recently, their names were Quark
and Mquark. They were advance
scouts for their empire's invasion fleets.

Unfortunately they landed near a small town on an early sunday
morning. They got out od their
spacecraft slowly and looked at all the wheat fields around them.
Looking for someone to threaten,
coerce or harass, they saw the buildings of the town in the distance
and started walking...

Not having done any sort of target research before landing they
approached a newspaper box next to the
deserted street.

Quark assumed it was an earthling and walked up to it, pulling a gun
out of his belt holster as he
approached...

"Okay earthling, take us to your leader!" Quark said angrily. "If you
don't I'll blow your ass away with
my nasty ass ray gun!" He waved his gun in front of the poor newspaper
box.

Of course, the newspaper box just sat there.

Quark shot it with the ray gun and that sunday's edition blew into
more than a million specks of paper
dust.

Mquark shook his head in disgust and then started walking down the
street. Quark holstered his pistol
and followed him.

They came upon a coke machine.

"This must be an earthling." Mquark said. "See, it's humming
slightly." Quark just nodded.

Mquark pulled out his gun and walked up right in front of the machine.
"Okay earthling, we're here to
take over. So take us to your leader!"

The coke machine just sat there, it's power supply humming very
quietly.

Mquark grew a little irate. "Look asshole!" He yelled at the coke
machine. "Take us to your leader right
goddamned now or I'm gonna blow your shit away with my nasty ass ray
gun!" The coke machine just
sat there. Mquark pulled the trigger and the coke machine
disintegrated in a most satisfying explosion.

They decided to keep looking. Now almost to the edge of town Quark and
Mquark see a gas station, not
yet opened for business. Quark stops immediately, a look of suprise on
his face. Mquark ignores him and
walkes up to one of the gas pumps, pulling out his ray gun as he
approaches.

"Okay, " Mquark starts out. "This may be your planet's last chance!
Take me to your leader or I'm
gonna get violent."

"Wait a minute." Quark calles out.

"Oh shut up!" Mquark shoots back at him. "Can't you see that threats
are the only thing these earthlings
are gonna understand?" He turns back to the gas pump.

"Okay now. If you don't take me to your leader right now I'm gonna
blow your shit away with my nasty
ass ray gun!"

The gas pump just sat there.

Mquark shot the gas pump - the resulting explosion was quite
impressive. Mquark and Quark got blown
through the air - almost all the way back to their spaceship.

Quark got up first, and started to brush the soot and wheat off his
uniform, shaking his head slowly.
Mquark stayed on the ground for a moment, shaking his head to clear
it. Finally he looked up at Quark,
"How, did you know to be wary of that dude?"

Quark thought a moment before answering. "Man, I make it a rule -
never fuck with anybody that wraps
his dick around his waist twice and then sticks it in his ear." 
******************************************************

jolly@shore.net

For this and other Humor Files visit Jokes for the Jolly a humor archive at:

http://www.cyberhighway.net/~transnet/humor.htm

I haven't lost my mind - It's backed up on tape somewhere...

1. A HIGHER INTELLIGENCE...
AT&T fired President John Walter after nine months, saying he lacked
"intellectual leadership." He received a $26 million severance package. 
Perhaps it's not Walter who's lacking intelligence.
   --------------------------------------------------------------------
2. WITH A LITTLE HELP FROM OUR FRIENDS!
Police in Oakland, California spent two hours attempting to subdue a gunman
who had barricaded himself inside his home. After firing ten tear gas
canisters, officers discovered that the man was standing beside them,
shouting "Please come out and give yourself up".
    -------------------------------------------------------------------
3. WHAT WAS PLAN B???
An Illinois man pretending to have a gun kidnapped a motorist and forced
him to drive to two different automated teller machines. The kidnapper then
proceeded to withdraw money from his own bank accounts.
   --------------------------------------------------------------------
4. THE GETAWAY!
A man walked into a Topeka, Kansas Kwik Stop, and asked for all the money
in the cash drawer. Apparently, the take was too small, so he tied up the
store clerk and worked the counter himself for three hours until police
showed up and grabbed him.
   --------------------------------------------------------------------
5. DID I SAY THAT???
Police in Los Angeles had good luck with a robbery suspect who just
couldn't control himself during a lineup. When detectives asked each man in
the lineup to repeat the words, "Give me all your money or I'll shoot," the
man shouted, "that's not what I said!"
   --------------------------------------------------------------------
6. ARE WE COMMUNICATING??
A man spoke frantically into the phone, "Her contractions are only two
minutes apart! "Is this her first child?" the doctor asked. "No!" the man
shouted, "This is her husband!"
   --------------------------------------------------------------------
7. NOT THE SHARPEST KNIFE IN THE DRAWER!!
In Modesto, CA, Steven Richard King was arrested for trying to hold up a
Bank of America branch without a weapon. King used a thumb and a finger to
simulate a gun, but unfortunately, he failed to keep his hand in his pocket
 (helllllloooooooooo!).
   --------------------------------------------------------------------
8.THE GRAND FINALE
Last summer, down on Lake Isabella, located in the high desert, an hour
east of Bakersfield, California, some folks, new to boating, were having a
problem. No matter how hard they tried, they couldn't get their brand new
22-ft. Bayliner to perform. It wouldn't get on a plane at all, and it was
very sluggish in almost every maneuver, no matter how much power was
applied. After about an hour of trying to make it go, they putted over to a
nearby marina, thinking someone there could tell them what was wrong. 
A thorough topside check revealed everything in perfect working order. The
engine ran fine, the outdrive went up and down, the prop was the correct
size and pitch. So one of the marina guys jumped in the water to check
underneath. He came up choking on water, he was laughing so hard. Under the
boat, still strapped securely in place, was the trailer.

This is not an answering machine -- this is a telepathic
thought-recording device.  After the tone, think about your
name, your reason for calling, and a number where I can reach
you, and I'll think about returning your call.

Thank you for calling Soviet Embassy.  No KG...  Er, no
diplomats are able to answer phone, so at sound of capitalist
tone, leave name, telephone number, and short description of
secrets you wish to sell.

(In a bored voice:)  Heaven, God speaking...

Lucifer speaking.  Who in hell do you want?

Greetings, you have reached the Sixth Sense Detective Agency.
We know how you are and what you want, so at the sound of the
tone, please hang up.

Sherwood Forest.  Which dear do you want?

Hello, this is the Brown residence.  We're in the middle of a
family fight right now.  Leave your name and number at the beep
and whoever wins will call you right back.

My wife and I can't come to the phone right now, but if you'll
leave your name and number, we'll get back to you as soon as
we're finished.

Please leave your name, phone number, the time you called, and
your favorite color of underwear.  We'll get back to you if we
like the color.

Hello.  I'm home right now but cannot find the phone.  Please
leave a message and I will call you up as soon as I find it.

You have reached 843-4734.  Please hold while I process your
call.  (Pause.)  Our extremely sophisticated computer system
performed a trace on your number and was able to match it with
our list of important callers.  None of our staff is authorized
to speak with you except for Fred, who is not here right now.
Please leave your name phone number and a brief message at the
tone.  Thank you for calling and have a nice day.

I can't come to the phone now because I have amnesia and I feel
stupid talking to people I don't remember.  I'd appreciate it if
you could help me out by leaving my name and telling me
something about myself.  Thanks.

(Thug voice:)  Uh, hello, Mike and Brian aren't here right now.
They've been kidnapped!  So at the beep, leave your name, your
number, your message, and ten thousand dollars in a brown paper
bag.

(Italian Mafia-style voice:)  I can't come to the phone right
now.  Me and Guido are trying to stuff a body in the trunk.  I
think we're going to have to size it a little...  (Aside:)  HEY
GUIDO!  GET THE CHAINSAW!  Anyways, leave your name and a
message.  If I like it, you'll hear from me.  If not, you'll
hear from Guido!  (Laughter.)

Leave a message or I'll send 30,000 volts through your phone.
I am an electrical engineer.  I can do that.

My time is billed at $125 per hour.  Please begin your message
with your MasterCard or Visa number, card type, and date of
expiration.  I'll get back to you pending credit approval.

(A busy signal.)  -- Steven Wright

(Recorded directly from AT&T:)  We're sorry, but the number you
dialed is disconnected or no longer in service.

We're sorry.  You have reached an imaginary number.  Please
rotate your phone 90 degrees and try again.

You have reached the number you have dialed.  Please leave a
message after the beep.

Hello.  (Pause.)  Hello?  (Pause.)
Hello!  (Pause.)  No, it doesn't look as if I'm in right now.
Maybe you should leave a message or call me back later.

You have reached 555-6238.  Why?

From a Wisonsonite's point of view. . .
 
 The recent heat wave reminded me of the following that I had.  So if you are
 sick of the heat, just think, in 90 days it will be snowing (here, at any rate)
 
 
 
 How cold is it?
 An annotated thermometer
 
 
 40    - Californians shiver uncontrollably, Wisconsinites go swimming
 
 35    - Italian cars don't start
 
 32    - Water freezes
 
 30    - You can see your breath
            You plan your vacation to Australia
            Politicians begin to worry about the homeless
 
 25    - Boston water freezes
            Californians weep pitiably, Wisconsinites eat ice cream
            Cat insists on sleeping on your bed with you
 
 20    - You can hear your breath
            Politicians begin to talk about the homeless
            New York City water freezes
 
 15    - You plan a vacation in Mexico
           Cat insists on sleeping in your bed with you
 
 10    - Too cold to snow
            You need jumper cables to get the car going
 
  5    - You plan your vacation in Houston
 
  0    - American cars don't start
          Too cold to skate
 
 -5    - You can cut your breath and use it to build an igloo
 
 -10   - Cat insists on sleeping in your pajamas with you
            Politicians actually do something about the homeless
 
 -15   - Too cold to think
            You need jumper cables to get the driver going
 
 -20   - You plan a two week hot bath
           The Mighty Monongahela freezes
           Japanese cars don't start
 
 -25   - Californians disappear, Wisconsinites button top button
 

Complements of NAC-Jack BBS from USENET

----------------------------------------------------
Last week I requested answering machine messages.  Here are the ones I've
gotten so far:

[I haven't posted names of originators because I'm lazy and editing this was 
already a pain.  Sorry.]

Ron

----------------------------------------------------
This is one of my old ones that got a lot of laughs:


<Phone Rings>

Noisy pick-up of phone

Uh...<wisperingly> Hello?

Hi, I 'm a burgular and I was just about to steal Troy's answering machine.
If you give me your name and number I'll..uh, I'll post it on the 'frige
where he'll see it.  Uh.. by the way, where did you say you live?

----------------------------------------------------
But right now I'm using "This is a boring answering machine message.
Leave a message anyway." because I'm sick of people ringing the phone
at 10am just so they can hear the clever messages I usually have, and
then hanging up without even leaving a "like your message" message.
Feh!

----------------------------------------------------
[Must have good Australian accent]
G'day mate.  Can't come to the phone now because I'm a bit tied up with
this crocodile.  Just leave a message, and I'll get back to you.

----------------------------------------------------
This is the Literacy Self Test Hotline.  After the tone, leave your name and
number and recite a sentence using today's vocabulary word.  Today's word
is supercilious                                                 ...}

----------------------------------------------------
The President is not in his office at this time.  Please leave your name,
phone number, the name of the country you wish to invade, and the secret
password.

----------------------------------------------------
Kemosabe no in tipi now.  You leave'um message after little smoke signal,
and Kemosabe get back for pow-wow real fast.

----------------------------------------------------
Also, on the subject of answering machins, my favorite tape was:
"This is Jeff, you're not in now so I'll leave a message."
Really confused people.

----------------------------------------------------
A bubble in the space-time continuum has connected your line to a channeler
in the 23rd Century.  Any message you leave will be broadcast into the
future....

------------------------------------------------
Hello.  I can't come to the phone now because--HEY, GEORGE!  DON'T STAND
ON THAT--goddam.  ...because I've invited George and Barbara Bush over
<loud music cuts in>...BARBARA!  HEY!  DON'T FUCK WITH THAT!...over for
dinner.  After the tone...BARBARA, CALL YOUR DOG...MILLIE! DOWN GIRL!
...shit...Leave a message after the tone...HEY, FUCKHEAD...<beep>

------------------------------------------------
Hello.  Lindsey's not home now--this is his domestic droid speaking.
I'm not programmed to answer the phone, so just leave a message, and
Lindsey will get back to you as soon as possible.

------------------------------------------------
"Hi! You have reached 579-7599.  This is an answering machine.  This is the
Eighties.  You know what to do."

------------------------------------------------
My wife and I can't come to the phone right now, but if you'll leave
your name and number we'll get back to you as soon as we're finished.

------------------------------------------------
Ring, Ring:
The number you have xxx-xxxx (your number) has been changed, the
new number is xxx-xxxx (again, your number). CULATA!

------------------------------------------------
"Hello, and welcome to Answering Machines of the Rich and Famous!  
(your name here) can't come to the phone right now, because he's
spending the week in his beautiful summer home on the French Riviera..."

------------------------------------------------
One day I had a borrowed Casio sampler toy and used it to create a
rather interesting one:

Hello. You have reached Tooooommmmmm Tom Tm! Tom and
MaMaMaMarMMMMaark's room. Tom is studying ssttuuddyyiinngg sssssssssssss
and MaMark isn'isn'isn'isn't here. isn't here. P-P-Pleas! leave a
messssssssage. Goodbye. 'bye! bye!bbyebybyyeyeyebbye  {byes repeating
at all different pitches}

------------------------------------------------
Last year my roommate had a machine but he hated to make the outgoing
message. Stage fright, I guess. So I usually made them. One that we
usually used during exam time was:

{background music: Billy Joel's _Pressure_ very loud}
Hello. You have reached Tom and Mark's room. We're a little busy now...
{ BJ screams PRESSURE!!! }
So, leave a message and we'll get back to you someday after (exam end
date)
{ BJ: ONE TWO THREE FOUR PRESSURE!!! followed by a very out-of-tune BEEP! }

------------------------------------------------
My favorite message that I ever had was the *real* message I recorded
off 1-800-CALL-SPY, the U.S. army snitching network. Try it, its a great
recording (call after 5 pm for the message).

[Give it try!  -pZ]

------------------------------------------------
<Ring>
In the background can be heard springs creaking and various moans.

<Husky, Soft female voice is best> Hi,... You've just reached {name} pleasure
palace. We're all busy as I'm sure you can tell but when we're done... we'll 
get back to you in whatever way we can. <Beep>

You wouldn't believe how much explaining my mother wanted on that one...

------------------------------------------------
    [b.g. music is frantic, violin oriented]
    "hello.  you have reached xxx-xxxx.  we are currently unable to answer
    because we are either chasing, or being chased by, bats.  please leave
    a message..." etc.

------------------------------------------------
    [the quiet, eerie vocal part of 'hello, earth' by kate bush]
    (after about 30 seconds): "hello.  you have reached xxx-xxxx.
    we can't come to the phone right now because we're at vespers.
    please leave a message..." etc. (30 more seconds of music before 
    the beep.)

------------------------------------------------
(Spoken in a granny voice)

"Way back inna winner of fifty-two, we didn' have fanshy gadjets like
no ansherin' machine.  You jusht had to call and call until shummbody
got home.  Now, shum people, dey shay dey don' like 'em, but I shay
it'll shave you a lotta trouble if you jusht leave a meshage.  Thanksh a
lot."

Must be spoken in a drawl.

------------------------------------------------
Well, this isn't strictly from an answering machine, but...
>From Calvin and Hobbes:

(phone rings)
(you answer)  Hello, this is <...> speaking.  I'd like a large pizza
with extra anchovies.
(other person)  What?
(you reply)  Oh, sorry, I must have a wrong number.
(hang up)

Make everyone's day a little more surreal.

------------------------------------------------
"I'm home right now . . . I'm just screening my calls.  So just start talking
and if you're someone I want to speak to I'll pick up the phone.  Otherwise,
well, what can I say?

------------------------------------------------
In Japan, the hand can be used like a knife.
[sound effect: Heeeeee-YAH!, smashing box of kleenex]
But this method doesn't work with a telephone call...
[sound effect: dial tone]
Introducing the all-new GINSU answering machine! It cuts, it chops, 
it slices, it dices your incoming calls!  How much would you pay?
Don't answer, because if you leave your name and number when you
hear the tone, we'll throw in a return phone call ABSOLUTELY FREE!

------------------------------------------------
"Hi, you have reached .... Please leave your name, phone number and a
message and if we like it we will return your call".

------------------------------------------------
However, the most effective one I have had so far can be used only one day
per year: "This is David.  I'm not using the phone over Yom Kippur, so please
leave a message or call back after the holiday."  No one wants to admit not
having realized it was Yom Kippur or not knowing I would pick one holiday from
the whole calendar on which to get observant, so everyone hangs up and leaves
me no bad news or requests for favors.

------------------------------------------------
"This is David.  Talk."

------------------------------------------------
"Hi.  This is David.  I've shut the ringers off on my phones and taken a
sedative.  As soon as I finish this recording I'm going to bed indefinitely.
When I wake up I'll play my messages.  Please leave one."

------------------------------------------------
[with a kazoo band playing "Thus Spake Zarathustra" in the background...]
"Thinking you were making an ordinary phone call, you have instead
reached..." [YA-DAAAAAAAAA!] "...the ANSWERING MACHINE!  Leave your name
and number, and we will get back to you as soon as we can."

------------------------------------------------
"Hello, this is Dr. Pangloss.  If this were the best of all possible worlds,
I could come to the phone right now, but I can't, so if you could leave your
name and number..."

------------------------------------------------
     "Hello?" <pause for a few seconds> "Sorry, he's not here right now,
but if you leave a message, he'll get back to you."

------------------------------------------------
(woman taped off a "phone sex" service)

WOMAN : (seductively) Hi.  I'm Linda.  You know, it can be really lonely
when you're a fashion model.  Sometimes I just have to ...

YOU : (interupting) Oh cmon, Linda, give me the damn phone..
(then ask for a message)

------------------------------------------------
Just after the earthquake a friend of mine put on his answering machine:

     "Hi, this is Jeff.  We can't get to the phone right now because we
were killed in the Earthquake.  Tragic, isn't it?  But, leave a
message anyway, someone is sure to get it eventually."  BEEP

My favorite post quake message:

    "Hi, we're not in cause we're out LOOTING!
     Leave a message and we'll call you back and tell you what we got."

------------------------------------------------
"Hello, I'm not hear right now.  In fact, I'm out getting a new parakeet.
 If you leave a message after the beep, I'll be sure to get back to you.
 Oh, and by the way, a word of advice; never try to clean a parakeet cage
 with a vacuum cleaner."

------------------------------------------------
Ring...click....(sound of loud music in background)...Hello? - just
a second while I turn the stereo off (sound of person running to
click off music, which gets quiet.  sound of person running back
to phone) OK, sorry about that, hi there, who's this...well hi!...
uh huh...yeah...well listen you're talking to a machine, so please
leave a message and I'll call you back.

(this ran for a while until a friend threatened to kill us after
she said she had a 2 minute conversation with the machine.)

------------------------------------------------
     I worked for a bit in the coastguard in Wales and I used to send weather
reports to other bases, using a sort of antique FAX machine. I would call
first on a special telephone and then send the data. They used to answer the 
phone with:
    " Epicentre of the Universe, God speaking."
    " Hartland home for lost whores."  (that was Hartland CG) 
    " Da, zis iz Ivan: do you have zee secret information, Boris?"
    " Pentagon command: transmit destruct sequence (pause) sequence correct:
        T minus one minute and counting"
     And then there was one phone we didn't use, with a number one off that of 
the local take-out.  With my, non-British, accent I had some great fun with 
that phone.
     "Starship Enterprise, Uhura here, can you hold please?  -- Captain, there 
is a transmission coming in on hailing frequency seven, do you want it on 
screen?" (silence...click)
     "Van
couver coastguard, may I help you."  British long distance rates are
phenomenonal and I had this poor dude sputtering with horror that he had 
managed to make a long distance call by dialing five digits.

------------------------------------------------
A friend was at a mutal friend's sister's house, and when she went out for
beer, he changed her answering machine message.  In a loud, deep, gravely,
horror-film voice he recorded, "HI, THIS IS KATHY, I'M NOT MYSELF RIGHT NOW.
IF YOU LEAVE YOUR NAME AND NUMBER, I'LL GET BACK TO YOU WHEN I'M FEELING
BETTER."

------------------------------------------------
    Hi this is <name>. I'm sorry I can't answer the phone right now.
    Leave a message and then wait by the phone until I call you back.

------------------------------------------------
In the background can be heard Gregorian Chant or some other church music
<In a soft voice> Good Day My child, you have reached {name} dial a confession.
At the tone if you will leave your name, number and short confession I will get
back to you with your pennance. Thank you and may God go with you. <Beep>

------------------------------------------------
"Steve has been captured by a flying saucer and can't come to the phone
right now, but if you leave your name, phone number, and a message I'll
have him call you back as soon as he gets away.  Read all about it in
next week's National Enquirer."

------------------------------------------------
"Steve is reassembling Elvis' brain and can't come to the phone right
now, but if you leave your name ...", etc.

------------------------------------------------
(Annoying flute music in background)
Good day, Jim.  Your contact, [insert name], is not available right now.
Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to leave your name, 
number, and a brief message at the tone.  This tape will self-destruct
in thirty seconds.
Good Luck, Jim.

------------------------------------------------
A friend of mine at school has this message, read by three people while
the STAR TREK theme plays in the background.
     1:  Room 17, the final frontier.
     2:  These are the messages of Chad's answering machine.  Its 2 semester
         mission:  to seek out your name and your telepohne number.
     3:  To boldly inform you to wait for the tone.

------------------------------------------------
    "Finally get an answering machine. Now how does this thing work? Hmmm.
Press record button, I did that, and the light should be on. I wonder why it's
not working right. Hmmmm, I wonder what this button does......"

------------------------------------------------
    "This is (#include phone.addr). We are not ... excuse me a moment,
please. Put your sister down. PUT YOUR SISTER DOWN! (sound of window breaking)
Great! What a mess. I'll have to get back to you later."

------------------------------------------------
"Hello.  I'm David's answering machine.  What are you?"

------------------------------------------------
Steve:  Hello.  Steve and Matt aren't here right now but if...
Matt:  Steve, what are you doing?
Steve:  I'm leaving a phone message since we aren't here.
Matt:  But you left the last one -- it's my turn.
Steve:  No, I'm sure it's my turn.
Matt:  No, you're incorrect.  It's definitely my turn.
Steve:  You fool.  I know it's ... wait ... Matt ... what are you doing
    with that frying pan?!?
  BONK [really loud thud]
Matt:  Steve is out right now, so please leave your name and number.

------------------------------------------------
[imitating Mr. Rogers]
"Hello.  I'm in the Magic Kingdom right now, so I can't come to the phone.
Can you leave your name and number when you hear the sound of the tone?
Sure...I knew you could." <BEEP>

------------------------------------------------
[imitating Ensign Chekov]
"Oh, sair...it was *Khan*!  He made us say things...do things...he
kept us from answering the phone!  But Keptin was strong, and if you
leave your name and number, Keptin will get back to you as soon as
he can!"  <BEEP>

------------------------------------------------
"You have reached the <city>,<state> Strategic Air Command Nuclear
Missle Storage Facility.  We are unable to come to the phone right
now.  At the tone, please leave you name, number and target or list of
targets and we'll launch as soon as we can.  And have a nice day."

------------------------------------------------
"We are unable to come to the phone right now.  At the tone, please
leave your name, number, and Master Card, Visa, or American Express
account number and we'll get back to, pending credit approval."

------------------------------------------------
 "Hello, this is Jim. Unfortunately I can't answer the phone right now
  because I've just come back from the Mirror Worlds and I'm still made 
  up of antimatter, so if I were to pick up the phone right now, the 
  resulting energy release would make Hiroshima look like a wet firecracker.
  So leave a message at the tone and I'll get back to you as soon as my
  component particles have been restored to their normal charges."

------------------------------------------------
 "Speak, worm!" <beep>
  Works best if done in a Darth Vader voice.

------------------------------------------------
 "You know what to do at the tone." <beep>

------------------------------------------------
 "Hello?" <beep>
  This confuses anyone who doesn't know you.

------------------------------------------------
 "Hello, I'm not here." <beep>
  A friend of mine used this one last summer. I always answered it with
  "Okay, that's all I wanted to know."

------------------------------------------------
   Hi!! You've reached Janet and Chris's room. We're not in right now.
If this is our parents, we're at the library studying. Yeah, yeah,
that's it, that's the ticket. If this is John (Chris's boyfriend), Chris
is out with the girls at the party. Yeah, that's it. If this is any one
else, we're at a party and you're not. Yeah, a party with the president.
Yeah and the .... pope. Yeah that's it. <beep>

------------------------------------------------
One voice:  I didn't expect an answering machine.

Another voice: 
           Nobody expects an answrering machine.
           Our chief use is to get your name. And phone number.
           Our two chief uses are to get your name and phone number. And
               message.  (damn)
           Our three uses are to get your name, phone number, and
               message.   And time you called.
           Oh, damn, we'll have to start over. No--no time for that, so
               just wait for the beep. 

------------------------------------------------
(in an Italian mafia-style tone:)
"Hello.  I can't come to the phone right now.  Me and Guido are trying to
 stuff a body in the trunk.  I think we're going to have to size it a
little... <aside> HEY GUIDO! GET THE CHAINSAW!  Anyways, leave your name
and a message.  If I like it, you'll hear from me.  If not, _you'll_hear_
from_Guido! ( a little laughter )...  "
------------------------------------------------
(To the tune of "Heartbreak Hotel" with appropriate instrumental accompaniment)
I just left home baby
I'll be out fer a spell
and if you don't leave a message baby
you can go to <BEEP>

------------------------------------------------
Hello, this is <insert your name here>.  I'm home right now, and in
a few moments, I'll have a decision to make.  
BEEEP!

------------------------------------------------
    [Theme from "Indiana Jones" in the background.]
    You've reached the residence of John and Tom.  We can't
    come to the phone right now, because we're cleaning the
    refrigerator.  Please leave your name and number, and
    we'll get back to you.
    [Theme from "Indiana Jones" continues until the beep.]

------------------------------------------------
Hi!  John's answering machine is broken.  This is his
    refrigerator.  Please speak very slowly, and I'll stick
    your message to myself with one of these magnets.

------------------------------------------------
One of my favorites had this very exciting scary music, along with a
kitten crying in the background, and the voice goes:

The machine answering this message is connected to a 5000 volt power
supply, and a relay which is wired to this small kitten.  If you hang up
before you leave a message, it will complete the circuit and will fry
the kitty.  The choice is YOURS....   BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP
------------------------------------------------
FOXTROT-LIMA-ALPHA-SIERRA-HOTEL.  KEY-DESTRUCT-SEQUENCE-NOW.
THIS-TERMINAL-ALSO-ACCEPTS-VOICE-MESSAGES......         ~~~

------------------------------------------------
    Thank you for calling the Metropolitan Church of the Holy Bible.
    Today's commandment is Number 6, Thou shalt not...  er...  bear
    a...  er...  shalt not witness thy...  uh...  neighbor's ass,
    oh, I mean, false...  er...  shalt not commit a bear...  dern...

------------------------------------------------
    How do you leave a message on this thing?  I can't understand
    the instructions.  Hello.  Testing 1 2 3.  I wonder what happens
    if I touch this... YOW!!
------------------------------------------------
    I can't come to the phone now, so if, well, actually, I CAN come
    to the phone now, I mean, like, I'm at the phone NOW, recording
    this message, but I'm doing this NOW, while you're listening to
    it LATER, except for you I guess it's NOW, like, when you're
    listening to it...  I mean, like, wait, gosh.  This is so
    confusing.
------------------------------------------------
    I can't come to the phone now, so...  hey -- that's a nice phone
    you have there.  Hey sugar, you call this number often?  I bet
    you have answering machines bothering you all the time...  yes
    indeedy.  Why don't you give me a call sometime and we can
    listen to some old recordings...  I might even play my beep for
    you...

------------------------------------------------
    Don't you do it!  Don't you dare!  I don't want to hear it!
    Don't you beep!  If you beep, I'll...  don't even think about
    it!...  Don't...!

------------------------------------------------
    After the tone, leave your name, number, and tell where you left
    the money.  I'll get back to you as soon as it's safe for you to
    come out of hiding.

------------------------------------------------
    Prepare for alpha test of Beep Software revision 1.05.  Counting
    down to test:  5...  4...  3...  2...  1...

------------------------------------------------
    As the drugs take hold, you feel you are losing your grip on
    reality.  You begin to hallucinate.  You see a telephone...  the
    telephone is next to an answering machine...  you hear a faint
    click and a light flashes on the answering machine...  you hear
    a beep...

------------------------------------------------
    You're growing tired.  Your eyelids are getting heavy.  You feel
    very sleepy now.  You are gradually losing your willpower and
    your ability to resist suggestions.  When you hear the tone you
    will feel helplessly compelled to leave your name, number, and a
    message.

------------------------------------------------
    No!  NO!  Not THAT!  Anything but that!  Not the beep!  No!
    Please!  Not the beep!  Anything but the beep!
    AAAAIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEE!
------------------------------------------------
    This is a test.  This is a test of the Answering Machine
    Broadcast System.  This is only a test.

------------------------------------------------
    Next on Public Radio 91 we'll be hearing music of Antonin
    Dvorak.  This is the Beep Serenade in C-Sharp Minor, Opus 72...

------------------------------------------------
    [Sung to the tune of "Ride of the Valkyries"]
    Leave a message...  leave a message...  etc.

------------------------------------------------
    Thanks for calling Dial-A-Shrink.  I can't come to the phone
    right now, so after the tone, please leave your name and number,
    then talk briefly about your childhood and tell me what comes to
    mind when you hear the following words:  orange...  mother...
    unicorn...  penis.  I'll get back to you with my diagnosis as
    soon as possible.

------------------------------------------------
    [For Shakespeare lovers only]
    So long as phones can ring and eyes can see,
    So leave a message, and I'll get back to thee.

------------------------------------------------
    [VOICE 1]  Answer the phone, please, Hal.
    [VOICE 2]  I'm sorry, Dave, I can't do that.

------------------------------------------------
    I can't come to the phone right now because I'm down in the
    basement printing up a fresh new batch of 20 dollar bills.  If
    you need any money, or if you just want to check out my
    handiwork, please leave your name, number, and how much cash you
    need after the tone.  If you're from the Department of the
    Treasury, please ignore this message.

------------------------------------------------
    Thank you for calling the Confessional Hotline.  Father Durway's
    not here right now, but if you'll leave your name, number, and
    confession at the tone, he'll get back to you with absolution as
    soon as possible.  And remember, confession doesn't count unless
    you confess all of your sins in vivid, graphic detail!

------------------------------------------------
    Andy Warhol said that one day everyone will be famous for 15
    minutes.  Well, your 15 minutes was last week, but since you
    weren't ready, we gave it to Vanna White.  Sorry.

------------------------------------------------
    C'mon...  you can do it...  just a little one.  That's the
    way...  just a little beep, just a little one.  C'mon...  good
    boy...  here we go...  like this -- beeeeep, just a little one,
    beeeeeeeeeep, c'mon...  There you go!

------------------------------------------------
    I can't come to the phone now because I have amnesia and I feel
    stupid talking to people I don't remember.  I'd appreciate it if
    you could help me out by leaving my name and telling me
    something about myself.  Thanks.

------------------------------------------------
    I can't come to the phone now because alien beings are eating my
    brain.  Leave a message anyway, and after the alien beings
    assume my shape, one of them will get back to you.

------------------------------------------------
    Thanks for calling Dial-An-Asshole.  Right now, all our assholes
    are busy.  After the tone, leave your name and number, and we'll
    have an asshole return your call as soon as possible.

------------------------------------------------
Ok, One more time...
This is our answering machine...
This is the message on our answering machine...
...Any questions?

------------------------------------------------
    Hi, can I speak to Mark?...Oh, there isn't?...I'm sorry,
    I must have dialed the wrong number.

------------------------------------------------
    <beep, beep, beep>
    The number you have reached,
    Seven.  Six.  Seven.  One.  Two.  Three.  Four.
    [Use your number here.]
    has not been disconnected and is still in service.
    Please leave a message at the sound of the tone.

------------------------------------------------
HANS: This is Hans

FRANZ: And this is Franz, and we just want to...

BOTH: Pump (CLAP) you up

HANS: But we are not at home, you know

FRANZ: Ya, we are gone

HANS: If you want us to...

BOTH: Pump (CLAP) you up

HANS: You will leave a message after the beep

FRANZ: If you don't leave a message, then you are Girlyman.

HANS: Ya, Girlyman.  And we don't talk to Girlyman, you know

FRANZ: So leave a message and we will call to..

BOTH: Pump (CLAP) you up 

------------------------------------------------
"Hello!  This is 1-800-PRESLEY -- Yes!  1-800-PRESLEY!

They say the King died 10 years ago, but we know he's still out there
somewhere.  So . . . leave your name and number and tell us where
*YOU* saw Elvis!"

------------------------------------------------
       "Hi, you've reached 1-900-CALL-BREN, my personal message line where
        you can talk to me, Bren.  I'll tell you all about how I'm suffering 
        in between sports seasons and about my part time hobby of being a 
        power forward for the Portland Trailblazers.  I'll tell my deepest 
        secrets, such as my desire to be kidnapped by short blonde sorority
        girls wearing short jean skirts, and you can decide whether or not
        I'm wearing pants.  Selected callers will get to talk to me live.
        Since you're not one of them, leave your own personal secret at the
        beep. "

------------------------------------------------
 In a vaguely phoneco-operator voice: "I'm sorry, you have reached an
imaginary number. Would you please rotate your telephone by ninety
degrees and try your call again."
  
   A few people even got the joke...

------------------------------------------------
"You have just dialed into the North American Air Defense Contract Center.
Stand by at the tone to give coordinates and destination of incoming bogey.
TNR Surveillance will scramble. If you do not respond, this unit will assume
incoming, non-important."

------------------------------------------------
"Sherwood forest, which dear do you want?"

"Lucifer speaking, who in the hall do you want?"

"Heaven, God speaking."

"Bridge, Kirk here."

 "City Morgue, you kill 'em, we chill 'em; You stab 'em, we slab 'em!"

------------------------------------------------
"Thank you for calling Soviet Embassy.  No KG... Er, no diplomats are
able to answer phone, so at sound of capitalist tone, leave name,
telephone number, and short description of secrets you wish to sell."

------------------------------------------------
"I've set up my answering machine so that when anyone calls, they
   here a busy signal."

------------------------------------------------
If you are a burgler, then we are probably at home but can't come
        to the phone right now
Otherwise, we probably aren't at home.

------------------------------------------------
The number you've dialed is purely imaginary, multiply by i and dial again!

------------------------------------------------
     This is you-know who.
     We are you-know-where.
     Leave your you-know-what you-know-when.

------------------------------------------------
    " I'm Morley Safer."
    "I'm Harry Reasoner."
    "I'm ........
    "And I'm" <the guy whose answering machine it was>
    " We're not home; leave a message."

      He had taped the audio of the beginning of 60 minutes; it sounded
    very funny.

------------------------------------------------
"Greetings.  You've reached Ghengis Kahn's Pornographic Films 
Unlimited.  Fabian, Pat, Rex and Mike are still conducting screen 
tests with potential leading ladies to star opposite the late John 
Holmes in our upcoming feature film "It's Not the Size That Counts but 
Whether or Not You're Alive to Use It."  If you're interested in a
screen test, or even if you're not, please leave us your name, age,
phone number, measurements, cup size, a brief summary of your work
experience, both off and on the screen, and a brief summary of your
favorite fantasy involving four men, a pair of handcuffs, and a tub of
Cool Whip.  Thank you for calling." 

------------------------------------------------
Another one I've done more than once is to slowly increase the pitch
and speed of my voice while recording the message to make it sound
like the machine is broken: 

(start, low pitch, slow)
"Hhhhheeelllllloooooo thheeeerrrrrrre evvvvveerrrryyyboooodyyyy....

(middle, normal)
..home of Veronica, Jaw-Chyi, Mark and Mike. Nobody's home...

(later, high pitch, fast)
..butifyou'dliketoleaveamessageafterthetonethen...

(end, incomprehensible chipmunk gibberish)
..kkfjdkeirucjkljfkldjrioutjkjfdskoreudjfkleqBEEP!"

------------------------------------------------
    This is not an answering machine -- this is a telepathic
    thought-recording device.  After the tone, think about your
    name, your reason for calling, and a number where I can reach
    you, and I'll think about returning your call.

------------------------------------------------
    "E'llo."
    "My name is Inigo Montonya."
    "You killed my father."
    "Leave your name and number, and prepare to die."  
    <beep>

------------------------------------------------
My favorite that I have heard as an answering machine message is also
from this movie.  My friend recorded the section that goes something
like:

    "I'm writing the definative work on pain, and I would like you
to tell me how the machine makes you feel.  Remember, be honest.  This
is for posterity."

------------------------------------------------
The message I currently have on my recorder is the output from my Amiga's
speech sythesizer.  It's set up as a dialog between two distict, but
recognizably artificial voices.  I thought it sort of mediocre myself, but
have gotten quite a number of amused comments about it.
-----
1> Hello, there are no real people here to answer the phone right now.

2> Yeah, nobody but us machines!

1> Right, just us machines, but don't hang up!  If you like, you can leave
   your name and telephone number...

2> ...and a message!  You forgot about the message!

1> Right.  Leave your name, telephone number, and a brief message after you
   hear the beep, and we will keep track of this stuff until the real people
   get back.

2> ...unless of course, sombody pulls out our plug!

------------------------------------------------
I taped theoperator saying "we're sorry.  The number you have reached
has been disconnected or is no longer is service..."

------------------------------------------------
 From Halloween this year:

    (Ominous electronic background music.)

    Hi, this is Jim. In honor of Halloween, I'm about to perform
    an unspeakable pagan ritual. So please leave a message. Oh,
    unless you're a virgin, in which case, why don't you stop by?
    SINT MIHI DEI ACHERONTIS PROPITII...

------------------------------------------------

    (French monologue in the background)

    Around the world today, millions still speak French as either
    a first or second language. But with your continued support
    and help, we can wipe out French in our lifetime. Please leave
    a message in English at the tone, and remember, if someone
    tries to speak French to you, just say, "non".

------------------------------------------------

    Hi, this is Jim. Welcome to my Fun Phone Line, where you can
    talk to my answering machine for only $.95 per minute! Please
    leave your credit card number at the tone...

------------------------------------------------

    Hi, this is Jim. Thanks for calling during my spring pledge
    drive. A basic membership is only $30, and a $60 pledge gets
    you an "I love Jim Shea" T-shirt. Please wait for the tone,
    and thank you for your pledge.

------------------------------------------------

(click) "You have reached the CPX-2000 Voice Blackmail System.  Your
    voice patterns are now being digitally encoded and stored for
    later use.  Once this is done, our computers will be able to
    use the sound of _your_ voice for literally thousands of illegal
    and immoral purposes.  There is no charge for this initial
    consultation, however our staff of professional extortionists
    will be contacting you in the near future to further explain the
    benefits of our service, and to arrange for your schedule of
    payment.  Remember to speak clearly at the sound of the tone.
    Thank you."  (BEEEEEEEEEEEP)

Message: Hi this is Craig's car phone.  Craig's at home now, so you can try
calling him there or leave a message after the beep.

Caller's message:  Hmmm.  Car phone!?!  I'll call back later when your out.

Every now and then we are all pestered by these high-tech telemarketing
companies where the sales pitch is usually disguised as a survey of some kind.
The despicable thing about these things is that they won't leave you
alone. If you hang up, they will just call back again.
 
One day my wife got a call from one of these computer systems, and her
answering machine answered. The conversation that followed was
hilarious, as it consisted of two machines talking to each other
without having the slightest idea about what each other was saying.
The conversation wound up in an endless loop, as follows:
 
[PHONE] *RING*
 
[ANSWERING MACHINE] "...At the tone, please give your message.
BEEEEEP."
 
[PHONE] "Hello. This is [company_name], and we are taking a telephone 
survey ... when I ask a question, wait for the beep, then please
speak plainly.  I will repeat your answer back to you, and verify it.
First, what is your phone number? BEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."
 
(The answering machine, upon hearing the beep, got confused and thought
 
it was a play-back command, and generated another beep in response.)
 
[ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."
 
[PHONE] "Thank you! Your phone number was 443-28347-47756-377764-22222.
Is that correct? BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."
 
[ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."
 
[PHONE] "Thank you! Do you have any children? BEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."
 
[ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."
 
[PHONE] Thank you! What is the age of your first child? BEEEEEEEEEEP."
 
[ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."
 
[PHONE] "Your first child is 1,222 years old. Is that correct?
BEEEEEP."
 
[ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."
 
[---------------  BEGIN ENDLESS LOOP ----------------]
 
[PHONE] "Thank you! Do you have any more children? BEEEEEEP."
 
[ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP." 
 
[PHONE] "Thank you! What is this child's age? BEEEP." 
 
[ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP." 
 
[PHONE] "This child is 4,233 years old. Is that correct? BEEEEP."
 
[ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP." 
 
[---------------------END LOOP -----------------------]
 
My wife, upon noticing that the answering machine had been going for
over half an hour, turned up the volume to find out what was going on.
When she discovered this endless loop (by now she had over 200 children,
all over 1,000 years old), she switched off the answering machine. The
computer never called again.

----------------------------------------------------
     I had a friend who liked to play with the phones.  He got his girlfriend
to sound like an operator and make a tape saying:
     "I'm sorry, the number that has dialed you is not in service.  Will
      you please hang up and let it dial again...<crackle> I'm sorry, the..."
     He had a lot of fun calling people up and playing it.

----------------------------------------------------
I once answered the phone as follows.
" San Luis Obispo Police, Sergeant McCallahan here, may I help you?"
After about five seconds of dead air, I heard a click.  About five minutes
later, the phone rang again.  This time my roomate answered.  It was the same
person that had called a few minutes earlier.  It turned out that the long 
delay between calls was due to the fact that he had to mooch a quarter for his
next call.  He was at a public phone booth and had used his last quarter to
call us.  I don't think he talked civil to me for a week...

----------------------------------------------------
     My grandmother had been bothered by calls coming in after midnight,
waking her, and forcing her out of bed and across the house to answer. 
Invariably, they were from the same man, seemingly slightly intoxicated, 
with bar-crowd noises in the background. He wanted to speak to Peggy, 
whoever that was, and my grand mother would tell him there was no Peggy 
living there, and that he must have the wrong number. But he wouldn't 
believe her, and kept insisting, begging, pleading, etc. to talk to 
Peggy. My Grandmother would have to just hang up finally.
     This went on for a few days, and late one night, when the phone rang,
my Grandfather held back his wife, and said, "I'll take care of this", and
got out of bed to answer the phone. The ensuing conversation was short and
quick, and went something like this:
     "Hello?"
     "Hello, Can I speak to Peggy?"
     "No, I'm sorry, she can't come to the phone right now-- she's nursing 
the baby."

----------------------------------------------------
Here's my favorite, for calling large offices and idiots-in-general: 
"Hello, is this the person to whom I am speaking?"

----------------------------------------------------
     My solution is upon realizing that I'm talking with a "telemarketing
representative", I ask:  "Are you a telemarketer?"  The answer
(suprisingly) is usually yes.  I then go into a sales pitch to
sell a (nonexistant) telephone ear-cusion.
     I insist that every telemarketer must have one for safety and comfort.
     Eventually, they'll forget to try selling me anything.

----------------------------------------------------
A recent posting by Duke McMullan requested ways to repel telephone 
solicitors.  My friend Pepe Tres from Texas told me this one and gave 
permission to post it:
     "My time is billed at $125 per hour.  To continue this 
     conversation, I must have your MasterCard or Visa number, card 
     type and date of expiration."
Pepe says it usually leaves them speechless.  One guy replied, "Hey, 
that's good; I'll have to remember it."  Once a supervisor of 
telephone solicitors called back and asked him if he was "some kind of 
high-powered lawyer."
----------------------------------------------------

Everybody gets and dials wrong numbers. It's good to be nice about it. What
goes around comes around, right? so, I try to reassure the apologetic and
embarrassed wrong dialers that will actually converse once the error is
discovered, with it going something like this:

caller w. wrong number: "Gee, I'm sorry..."
me:                     "That's OK, I was going to pick up the phone anyway.."

----------------------------------------------------
How about the 'Fraudian Slip Answer'? Like this:

<Whoever> here. What can I do to-----I MEAN-----FOR you?

----------------------------------------------------
Try the following next time the phone rings:

You (when you answer):  Hello, is Jimmy there?

Caller: No, I'm afraid you have a wrong number.

You: Oh.  Sorry.

Caller: No problem... (click)


How to be Annoying

  1.  Drum on every available surface.
  2.  Remove every line of someone's .newsrc file except the entry for
     alt.sex.fetish.hamster.duct-tape.
  3.  Sing the Batman theme incessantly.
  4.  Staple papers in the middle of the page.
  5.  Ask 800 operators for dates.
  6.  Produce a rental video consisting entirely of dire FBI copy warnings.
  7.  Sew anti-theft detector strips into people's backpacks.
  8.  Hide dairy products in inaccessible places.
  9.  Write the surprise ending to a novel on its first page.
 10.  Specify that your drive-through order is "to go".
 11.  Set alarms for random times.
 12.  Learn Morse code, and have conversations with friends in public
     consisting entirely of "Beeeep Bip Bip Beeeep Bip..."
 13.  Buy large quantities of mint dental floss just to lick the flavor
     off.
 14.  Order a side of pork rinds with your filet mignon.
 15.  Instead of Gallo, serve Night Train next Thanksgiving.
 16.  Leave your Nine Inch Nails tape in Great Uncle Ed's stereo, with the
     volume properly adjusted.
 17.  Publicly investigate just how slowly you can make a "croaking" noise.
 18.  Honk and wave to strangers.
 19.  Dress only in clothes colored Hunter's Orange.
 20.  Change channels five minutes before the end of every show.
 21.  Tape pieces of "Sweating to the Oldies" over climactic parts of
     rental movies.
 22.  Wear your pants backwards.
 23.  Decline to be seated at a restaurant, and simply eat their
     complementary mints by the cash register.
 24.  Begin all your sentences with "ooh la la!"
 25.  Rouse your roommates from slumber each morning with Lou Reed's "Metal
     Machine Music".
 26.  Leave someones printer in compressed-italic-cyrillic-landscape mode.
 27.  ONLY TYPE IN UPPERCASE.
 28.  only type in lowercase.
 29.  dont use any punctuation either
 30.  Buy a large quantity of orange traffic cones and reroute whole
     streets.
 31.  Pay for your dinner with pennies.
 32.  Tie jingle bells to all your clothes.
 33.  Repeat everything someone says, as a question.
 34.  Write "X - BURIED TREASURE" in random spots on all of someone's
     roadmaps.
 35.  Inform everyone you meet of your personal Kennedy assasination/UFO/
     OJ Simpson conspiracy theories.
 36.  Repeat the following conversation a dozen times:
     "Do you hear that?"
     "What?"
     "Never mind, it's gone now."
 37.  Light road flares on a birthday cake.
 38.  Wander around the restaurant, asking other diners for their parsley.
 39.  Leave tips in Bolivian currency.
 40.  Demand that everyone address you as "Conquistador".
 41.  Push all the flat Lego pieces together tightly.
 42.  At the laundromat, use one dryer for each of your socks.
 43.  When Christmas carolling, sing "Jingle Bells, Batman smells" until
     physically restrained.
 44.  Wear a cape that says "Magnificent One".
 45.  As much as possible, skip rather than walk.
 46.  Stand over someone's shoulder, mumbling, as they read.
 47.  Finish the 99 bottles of beer song.
 48.  Leave your turn signal on for fifty miles.
 49.  Pretend your mouse is a CB radio, and talk to it.
 50.  Try playing the William Tell Overture by tapping on the bottom of
     your chin. When nearly done, announce "no, wait, I messed it up", and
     repeat.
 51.  Drive half a block.
 52.  Name your dog "Dog".
 53.  Inform others that they exist only in your imagination.
 54.  Ask people what gender they are.
 55.  Reply to everything someone says with "that's what YOU think."
 56.  Lick the filling out of all the Oreos, and place the cookie parts
     back in the tray.
 57.  Cultivate a Norwegian accent. If Norwegian, affect a Southern Drawl.
 58.  Forget the punchline to a long joke, but assure the listener it was a
     "real hoot".
 59.  Routinely handcuff yourself to furniture, informing the curious that
     you don't want to fall off "in case the big one comes".
 60.  Sculpt your hedges into anatomically suggestive shapes.
 61.  Follow a few paces behind someone, spraying everything they touch
     with a can of Lysol.
 62.  Deliberately hum songs that will remain lodged in co-workers' brains,
     such as "Feliz Navidad", the Archies' "Sugar" or the Mr Rogers theme
     song.
 63.  While making presentations, occasionally bob your head like a
     parakeet.
 64.  Lie obviously about trivial things such as the time of day.
 65.  Make beeping noises when a large person backs up.
 66.  Leave your Christmas lights up and lit until September.
 67.  Change your name to John Aaaaasmith for the great glory of being
     first in the phone book. Claim it's a Hawaiian name, and demand that
     people pronounce each A.
 68.  Sit in your front yard pointing a hair dryer at passing cars to see
     if they slow down.
 69.  Chew on pens that you've borrowed.
 70.  Invent nonsense computer jargon in conversations, and see if people
     play along to avoid the appearance of ignorance.
 71.  Wear a LOT of cologne.
 72.  Ask to "interface" with someone.
 73.  Listen to 33rpm records at 45rpm speed, and claim the faster speed is
     necessary because of your "superior mental processing".
 74.  Sing along at the opera.
 75.  Mow your lawn with scissors.
 76.  At a golf tournament, chant "swing-batatatatatata-suhWING-batter!"
 77.  Finish all your sentences with the words "in accordance with
     prophesy".
 78.  Ask the waitress for an extra seat for your "imaginary friend".
 79.  Go to a poetry recital and ask why each poem doesn't rhyme.
 80.  Ask your co-workers mysterious questions, and scribble their answers
     in a notebook. Mutter something about "psychological profiles".
 81.  Incessantly recite annoying phrases, such as "sticky wicket isn't
     cricket."
 82.  Stare at static on the tv and claim you can see a "magic picture".
 83.  Select the same song on the jukebox fifty times.
 84.  Scuff your feet on a dry, shaggy carpet and seek out victims.
 85.  Do not add any inflection to the end of your sentences, producing
     awkward silences with the impression that you'll be saying more any
     moment.
 86.  Never make eye contact.
 87.  Never break eye contact.
 88.  Signal that a conversation is over by clamping your hands over your
     ears.
 89.  Construct elaborate "crop circles" in your front lawn.
 90.  Construct your own pretend "tricorder", and "scan" people with it,
     announcing the results.
 91.  Give a play-by-play account of a person's every action in a nasal
     Howard Cossell voice.
 92.  Holler random numbers while someone is counting.
 93.  Make appointments for the 31st of September.
 94.  Invite lots of people to other people's parties.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author unknown 

	       APARTMENT FOR RENT

  A prosperous and somewhat amorous businessman propositioned a beautiful
chorus girl of well proportioned figure to spend the night with him for
$500.00.  When he was ready to leave the next morning, certain things having
transpired, he told her that he didn't have that much money with him, but he
would have his secretary mail her a check for it, made out for RENT ON
APARTMENT, to avoid embarrassment.

  On the way to the office however, after thinking the matter over, he decided
the night hadn't been worth what he had agreed to pay, so he had his secretary
send a check for $250.00 instead, and enclosed the following explanatory note:

	Dear Madam,

	Enclosed is the check in the amount of $250.00
	for rent on your apartment.  I am sending this
	amount instead of the amount originally agreed
	upon, because when I rented this apartment, I
	was under the assumption that . . .

	1)  It had never been occupied.

	2)  There was plenty of heat.

	3)  That it was small.

	Last night, I found that it had been occupied
	many times, that there wasn't much heat, and
	that it was entirely too large.

  Upon receipt of the note, the girl immediatly returned the check, with this
note .	.  .

	I am returning your check for $250.00.	I can not
	understand how you could expect such a beautiful
	apartment to remain unoccupied.  As for the heat,
	there is plenty of it if you just know how to
	turn it on.  As for the size, it's not my fault
	if you didn't have enough furniture to fill it.


No!  NO!  Not THAT!  Anything but that!  Not the beep!  No!  Please!  Not the
beep!  Anything but the beep!  AAAAIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEE!
-------------
This is the National Security Emergency Password Notification Network.  To
initiate destruct sequence, call the CIA with today's password.  Today's
password is BABY BOOTIES.
-------------
You're growing tired.  Your eyelids are getting heavy.  You feel very sleepy
now.  You are gradually losing your willpower and your ability to resist
suggestions.  When you hear the tone you will feel helplessly compelled to
leave your name, number, and a message.
-------------
As the drugs take hold, you feel you are losing your grip on reality.  You
begin to hallucinate.  You see a telephone...the telephone is next to an answe
ring machine...you hear a faint click and a light flashes on the answering
machine...you hear a beep....
-------------
Prepare for alpha test of Beep Software revision 1.05.  Counting down to
test:  5...4...3...2...1...
-------------
[OFFENSIVE TO MORMONS. Funny if you've been accosted by elders on bikes.]
Thanks for calling the Brigham Young School for Semi-Formal Bicycle Racing.
We can't come to the phone now because we're out proselytizing heathens, so
please leave your name and number.
-------------
After the tone, leave your name, number, and tell where you left the money.
I'll get back to you as soon as it's safe for you to come out of hiding.
-------------
The President is not in his office at this time.  Please leave your name,
phone number, the name of the country you wish to invade, and the secret
password.
-------------
Don't you do it!  Don't you dare!  I don't want to hear it!  Don't you beep!
 If you beep, I'll...don't even think about it!....Don't....!
-------------
I can't come to the phone now, so...hey--that's a nice phone you have there.
 Hey sugar, you call this number often?  I bet you have answering machines
bothering you all the time...yes indeedy.  Why don't you give me a call
sometime and we can listen to some old recordings...I might even play my beep
for you...
-------------
This is the Metropolitan Opera Amateur Audition Hotline.  After the tone,
sing Vesti la Giubba and La Donna e Mobile....
-------------
I can't come to the phone now, so if, well, actually, I CAN come to the phone
now, I mean, like, I'm at the phone NOW, recording this message, but I'm
doing this NOW, while you're listening to it LATER, except for you I guess
it's NOW, like, when you're listening to it...I mean, like, wait, gosh.  This
is so confusing.
-------------
How do you leave a message on this thing?  I can't understand the instructions
.  Hello.  Testing 1 2 3.  I wonder what happens if I touch this...YOW!!
-------------
This is the Literacy Self Test Hotline.  After the tone, leave your name and
number and recite a sentence using today's vocabulary word.  Today's word is
acetylcholinesterase {or clitoris, or scaphoid, or arrhenotky...}
-------------
Thank you for calling the Metropolitan Church of the Holy Bible.  Today's
commandment is Number 6, Thou shalt not...er...bear a...er...shalt not
witness thy...uh...neighbor's ass, oh, I mean, false...er...shalt not commit
a bear...dern...
-------------
[Must have good Australian accent] G'day mate.  Can't come to the phone now
because I'm a bit tied up with this crocodile.  Just leave a message, and
I'll get back to you.
-------------
[Note the spelling in this one!] After the tone, please leave a massage--my
shoulders really could use it, and, what?  You're only supposed to leave a
MESSAGE?  Darn....
-------------
Bwana fella no home now, so you fella leave talkie-talk.  Bwana 'im big fella
mek talkie-talk back real fas'.
This is not an answering machine--this is a telepathic thought-recording
device.  After the tone, think about your name, your reason for calling, and
a number where I can reach you, and I'll think about returning your call.
-------------
Thanks for calling Dial-An-Asshole.  Right now, all our assholes are busy.
After the tone, leave your name and number, and we'll have an asshole return
your call as soon as possible.
-------------
I can't come to the phone now because alien beings are eating my brain. Leave
a message anyway, and after the alien beings assume my shape, one of them
will get back to you.
-------------
Thank you for calling Santa's workshop.  Santa can't come to the phone right
now, and the elves are out back barbecuing Blitzen.  After the tone, please
your Christmas list, and maybe we'll get back to you!
-------------
I can't come to the phone now because I have amnesia and I feel stupid
talking to people I don't remember.  I'd appreciate it if you could help me
out by leaving my name and telling me something about myself.  Thanks.
-------------
C'mon...you can do it...just a little one.  That's the way...just a little
beep, just a little one.  C'mon...good boy...here we go...like this--beeeeep,
just a little one, beeeeeeeeeep, c'mon...There you go!
-------------
Andy Warhol said that one day everyone will be famous for 15 minutes. Well,
your 15 minutes was last week, but since you weren't ready, we gave it to
Vanna White.  Sorry.
-------------
Thank you for calling the Confessional Hotline.  Father Durway's not here
right now, but if you'll leave your name, number, and confession at the tone,
he'll get back to you with absolution as soon as possible.  And remember,
confession doesn't count unless you confess all of your sins in vivid,
graphic detail!
-------------
A bubble in the space-time continuum has connected your line to a channeler
in the 23rd Century.  Any message you leave will be broadcast into the
future....
-------------
I can't come to the phone right now because I'm down in the basement printing
up a fresh new batch of 20 dollar bills.  If you need any money, or if you
just want to check out my handiwork, please leave your name, number, and how
much cash you need after the tone.  If you're from the Department of the
Treasury, please ignore this message.
-------------
Kemosabe no in tipi now.  You leave'um message after little smoke signal, and
Kemosabe get back for pow-wow real fast.
-------------
[VOICE 1]  Answer the phone, please, Hal. [VOICE 2]  I'm sorry, Dave, I can't
do that.
-------------
[For Shakespeare lovers only] So long as phones can ring and eyes can see, So
leave a message, and I'll get back to thee.
-------------
[Carefully modulated English accent, like Alex in _A Clockwork Orange_] Oh,
my brothers and only droogs, your poor narrator's not in now--he's out on his
oddy-nocky looking for a bit of pretty polly--some young devotchka with
horrorshow grooties.  Leave thy message after the malinky beepie-weep, and
I'll get back to thee later, righty-right.
-------------
Thanks for calling Dial-A-Shrink.  I can't come to the phone right now, so
after the tone, please leave your name and number, then talk briefly about
your childhood and tell me what comes to mind when you hear the following
words:  orange...mother...unicorn...penis.  I'll get back to you with my
diagnosis as soon as possible.
-------------
[Sung to the tune of "Ride of the Valkyries"] Leave a message...leave a
message....etc.
-------------
Thanks for calling the Suicide Hotline.  At the tone, your telephone will
explode, sending fragments of metal and plastic deep into your brain....
-------------
Next on Public Radio 91 we'll be hearing music of Antonin Dvorak.  This is
the Beep Serenade in C-Sharp Minor, Opus 72....
-------------
This is a test.  This is a test of the Answering Machine Broadcast System.
This is only a test.
-------------

                     PROFUNDITIES, WITTICISMS AND GENERAL WISDOM



It is morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.
Addendum; a Smith and Wesson beats four aces.  (Canada Bill Jones)

***
A pipe gives a wise man time to think
  And a fool something to put in his mouth.

***
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.

***
Whatever goes around, comes around.

***
There is only one right way for a machine to run.  The number of
ways it can go wrong is so infinite that every operating
engineer lives in constant terror.

***
            ON WAR

Don't rejoice at the defeat, you men,
  Now that you have killed the bastard.
The bitch that bore him is in heat again.

***
ON DYING - REMEMBRANCE

Bring back my name
  On wings of flame.

Winds of the plains,
  Dance once for me.

***
                      SOULS

They will come back - come back - as long as the red earth rolls.

He never wasted a leaf or a tree.  Do you think he would
squander souls?

***
               COLD IRON

Gold is for the mistress - silver for the maid -
  Copper for the craftsman, cunning at his trade.
But Iron - Cold Iron - is master of them all.

***
The number of people who agree or disagree with you has
absolutely no bearing on whether you're *right*.  The universe
has a way of deciding that for itself.

***
The truth of any proposition has nothing to do with its
credibility...and vice versa.


                     ARISTOCRAT'S CODE

The last thing you want is an educated, affluent and emancipated
population.  Power hinges on the restriction and control of
wealth.  Science and technology offer unlimited wealth.
Therefore, science and technology have to be controlled.
Knowledge and reason are enemies.  Myth and unreason are the
weapons you fight them with.

***
If you don't like yourself, you can't like other people.

***
Money is a powerful aphrodisiac.  But flowers work almost as
well.

***
It may be better to be a live jackal than a dead lion, but it is
better still to be a live lion.  And usually easier.

***
Men rarely, if ever, manage to dream up a god superior to
themselves.  Most gods have the morals and manners of a spoiled
child.

***
Place your clothes and weapons where you can find them in the
dark.

***
An Elephant;  A Mouse built to government specifications.

***
Democracy is based on the assumption that a million men are
wiser than one man. How's that again?  I missed something.

***
Autocracy is based on the assumption that one man is wiser than
a million men.  Let's play that over again too.  Who decides?

***
Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.

***
Money is the sincerest form of flattery.
Women love to be flattered.
So do men.

***
You live and learn.  Or you don't live long.

***
Only a sadistic scoundrel - or a fool - tells the bald truth on
social occasions.

***
Be wary of strong drink.  It can make you shoot at tax
collectors - and miss.

                     PRIESTS

The profession of shaman has many advantages.  It offers high
status with a safe livelihood free of work in the dreary, sweaty
sense.  In most societies it offers legal privileges and
immunities not granted to other men.  But it is hard to see how
a man who has been given a mandate from on High to spread
tidings of joy to all mankind can be seriously interested in
taking up a collection to pay his salary.  It causes one to
suspect that the shaman is on the moral level of any other con
man.  But it's lovely work if you can stomach it.

***
Tilting at windmills hurts you more than the windmills.

***
'Go to hell!' or other insult direct is all the answer a snoopy
question rates.

***
A man does not insist on physical beauty in a woman who builds
up his morale.  After a while he realizes that she *is*
beautiful - he just hadn't noticed at first.

***
Natural laws have no pity.

***
Freedom begins when you tell Mrs. Grundy to go fly a kite.

***
Political tags - such as royalist, communist, democrat,
populist, fascist, liberal, conservative, and so forth - are
never basic criteria.  The human race divides politically into
those who want people to be controlled and those who have no
such desire.  The former are idealists acting from the highest
motives of the greatest good for the greatest number.  The
latter are surly curmudgeons, suspicious and lacking in
altruism.  But they are more comfortable neighbors then the
other sort.

***
Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily.  All other
'sins' are invented nonsense.  (Hurting yourself is not sinful -
just stupid.)

***
Certainly the game is rigged.  Don't let that stop you.  If you
don't bet, you can't win.

***
Delusions are often functional.  A mother's opinions about her
children's beauty, intelligence, goodness, et cetera ad nauseam,
keep her from drowning them at birth.

***
Never appeal to a man's better nature.  He may not have one.
Invoking his self-interest gives you more leverage.

***
You can have peace,  or you can have freedom.  Don't ever count
on having both at once.

***
A woman is not property.  Husbands who think otherwise are
living in a dreamworld.

***
Stupidity is not a sin.  The victim can't help being stupid.
Stupidity cannot be cured with money, or through education, or
by legislation.  But stupidity is the only universal capital
crime. The sentence is death;  there is no appeal, and
execution is carried out automatically and without pity.

***
The correct way to punctuate a sentence that starts 'Of course
it's none of my business but...' is to place a period after the
word 'but'.  Don't use excessive force in supplying such morons
with a period.  Cutting his throat is only a momentary pleasure
and is bound to get you talked about.

***
Formal courtesy between husband and wife is even more important
than it is between strangers.

***
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet
then your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.

***
Argue for your limitations and, sure enough, they're yours.

***
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to
make it come true.  You may have to work for it though.

***
Here is a test to find out whether your mission on earth is
finished;  If you're alive, it isn't.

***
In order to live free and happily, you must sacrifice boredom.
It is not always an easy sacrifice.

***
There is no limit to how gently you can apply a big hammer, but
there definitely is to how hard you can hit with a small one.

***
Hey, shit happens!

***
Let he who doubts the existence of God observe the workings of
our Government, then ponder the fact that mankind survives and
prospers.

***

From: 01ksdavis@leo.bsuvc.bsu.edu (Rebel without a clue.)
Newsgroups: rec.humor
Subject: Answering machine messages (huge)
Message-ID: <1992Nov13.130624.11874@bsu-ucs>
Date: 13 Nov 92 18:06:24 GMT
Organization: The Corporation.
Lines: 1272


	I had extracted this about almost a month ago.  Since I have printed it
out, I no longer need it clogging up my disk space, so I will repost this in
the hopes that some kind-hearted soul will want to archive it, instead of me.

	BTW-this is not mine!  The author, compiler, whatever is Alec Peterson,
so don't thank me, thank him.

	Kyle

X-NEWS: bsu-ucs rec.humor: 36301
Relay-Version: VMS News - V6.0-3 14/03/91 VAX/VMS V5.5; site bsu-ucs.uucp
Path: bsu-ucs.uucp!bsu-cs!news.nd.edu!spool.mu.edu!yale.edu!yale!spock!chuckie
Newsgroups: rec.humor
Subject: Answering Machines
Message-ID: <1992Oct26.173944.14601@spock.UUCP>
From: chuckie@spock.uucp (Alec H. Peterson)
Date: 26 Oct 92 17:39:44 GMT
Sender: usenet@spock.UUCP (Usenet posting daemon)
Organization: Choate Rosemary Hall
Nntp-Posting-Host: rattle
Lines: 1240


 1

 "We are unable to come to the phone right now.  At the tone, please
 leave your name, number, and Master Card, Visa, or American Express
 account number and we'll get back to, pending credit approval."

 2
 "You have reached the <city>,<state> Strategic Air Command Nuclear
 Missle Storage Facility.  We are unable to come to the phone right
 now.  At the tone, please leave you name, number and target or list of
 targets and we'll launch as soon as we can.  And have a nice day."

 3
      "Hello. This is Chris. John and Mike aren't here right now, but if you
 leave a message, they'll get back to you as soon as they can."

 4
 [imitating Ensign Chekov]
 "Oh, sair...it was *Khan*!  He made us say things...do things...he
 kept us from answering the phone!  But Keptin was strong, and if you
 leave your name and number, Keptin will get back to you as soon as
 he can!"  <BEEP>

 5
 [imitating Mr. Rogers]
 "Hello.  I'm in the Magic Kingdom right now, so I can't come to the phone.
 Can you leave your name and number when you hear the sound of the tone?
 Sure...I knew you could." <BEEP>

 6
 Steve:  Hello.  Steve and Matt aren't here right now but if...
 Matt:  Steve, what are you doing?
 Steve:  I'm leaving a phone message since we aren't here.
 Matt:  But you left the last one -- it's my turn.
 Steve:  No, I'm sure it's my turn.
 Matt:  No, you're incorrect.  It's definitely my turn.
 Steve:  You fool.  I know it's ... wait ... Matt ... what are you doing
         with that frying pan?!?
   BONK [really loud thud]
 Matt:  Steve is out right now, so please leave your name and number.

 7
 "Hello.  I'm David's answering machine.  What are you?"

 8
         "This is (#include phone.addr). We are not ... excuse me a moment,
 please. Put your sister down. PUT YOUR SISTER DOWN! (sound of window breaking)
 Great! What a mess. I'll have to get back to you later."

 9
         "Finally get an answering machine. Now how does this thing work? Hmmm.
 Press record button, I did that, and the light should be on. I wonder why it's
 not working right. Hmmmm, I wonder what this button does......"


1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00002
-10
 A friend of mine at school has this message, read by three people while
 the STAR TREK theme plays in the background.
      1:  Room 17, the final frontier.
      2:  These are the messages of Chad's answering machine.  Its 2 semester
          mission:  to seek out your name and your telepohne number.
      3:  To boldly inform you to wait for the tone.

 11
 (Annoying flute music in background)
 Good day, Jim.  Your contact, [insert name], is not available right now.
 Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to leave your name,
 number, and a brief message at the tone.  This tape will self-destruct
 in thirty seconds.
 Good Luck, Jim.

 12
 "Steve is reassembling Elvis' brain and can't come to the phone right
 now, but if you leave your name ...", etc.

 13
 "Steve has been captured by a flying saucer and can't come to the phone
 right now, but if you leave your name, phone number, and a message I'll
 have him call you back as soon as he gets away.  Read all about it in
 next week's National Enquirer."

 14
 In the background can be heard Gregorian Chant or some other church music
 <In a soft voice> Good Day My child, you have reached {name} dial a confession.
 At the tone if you will leave your name, number and short confession I will get
 back to you with your pennance. Thank you and may God go with you. <Beep>

 15
         Hi this is <name>. I'm sorry I can't answer the phone right now.
         Leave a message and then wait by the phone until I call you back.

 16
 A friend was at a mutal friend's sister's house, and when she went out for
 beer, he changed her answering machine message.  In a loud, deep, gravely,
 horror-film voice he recorded, "HI, THIS IS KATHY, I'M NOT MYSELF RIGHT NOW.
 IF YOU LEAVE YOUR NAME AND NUMBER, I'LL GET BACK TO YOU WHEN I'M FEELING
 BETTER."

 17
      I worked for a bit in the coastguard in Wales and I used to send weather
 reports to other bases, using a sort of antique FAX machine. I would call
 first on a special telephone and then send the data. They used to answer the
phone with:
     " Epicentre of the Universe, God speaking."
     " Hartland home for lost whores."  (that was Hartland CG)
     " Da, zis iz Ivan: do you have zee secret information, Boris?"
     " Pentagon command: transmit destruct sequence (pause) sequence correct:
         T minus one minute and counting"
      And then there was one phone we didn't use, with a number one off that of
 the local take-out.  With my, non-British, accent I had some great fun with
 that phone.

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00003
-     "Starship Enterprise, Uhura here, can you hold please?  -- Captain, there
 is a transmission coming in on hailing frequency seven, do you want it on
 screen?" (silence...click)
      "Vancouver coastguard, may I help you."  British long distance rates are
 phenomenonal and I had this poor dude sputtering with horror that he had
managed
 to make a long distance call by dialing five digits.


 18
 ----------------------------------------------------
 This is one of my old ones that got a lot of laughs:


 <Phone Rings>

 Noisy pick-up of phone

 Uh...<wisperingly> Hello?

 Hi, I 'm a burgular and I was just about to steal Troy's answering machine.
 If you give me your name and number I'll..uh, I'll post it on the 'frige
 where he'll see it.  Uh.. by the way, where did you say you live?

 19----------------------------------------------------
 But right now I'm using "This is a boring answering machine message.
 Leave a message anyway." because I'm sick of people ringing the phone
 at 10am just so they can hear the clever messages I usually have, and
 then hanging up without even leaving a "like your message" message.
 Feh!

 20----------------------------------------------------
 [Must have good Australian accent]
 G'day mate.  Can't come to the phone now because I'm a bit tied up with
 this crocodile.  Just leave a message, and I'll get back to you.

 21----------------------------------------------------
 This is the Literacy Self Test Hotline.  After the tone, leave your name and
 number and recite a sentence using today's vocabulary word.  Today's word
 is supercilious                                                 ...}

 22----------------------------------------------------
 Kemosabe no in tipi now.  You leave'um message after little smoke signal,
 and Kemosabe get back for pow-wow real fast.

 23----------------------------------------------------
 Also, on the subject of answering machins, my favorite tape was:
 "This is Jeff, you're not in now so I'll leave a message."
 Really confused people.

 24----------------------------------------------------
 A bubble in the space-time continuum has connected your line to a channeler
 in the 23rd Century.  Any message you leave will be broadcast into the
 future....

 25------------------------------------------------

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00004
-Hello.  I can't come to the phone now because--HEY, GEORGE!  DON'T STAND
 ON THAT--goddam.  ...because I've invited George and Barbara Bush over
 <loud music cuts in>...BARBARA!  HEY!  DON'T FUCK WITH THAT!...over for
 dinner.  After the tone...BARBARA, CALL YOUR DOG...MILLIE! DOWN GIRL!
 ...shit...Leave a message after the tone...HEY, FUCKHEAD...<beep>

 26------------------------------------------------
 Hello.  Lindsey's not home now--this is his domestic droid speaking.
 I'm not programmed to answer the phone, so just leave a message, and
 Lindsey will get back to you as soon as possible.

 27_________________________________________________
 My wife and I can't come to the phone right now, but if you'll leave
 your name and number we'll get back to you as soon as we're finished.

 28------------------------------------------------
 Ring, Ring:
 The number you have xxx-xxxx (your number) has been changed, the
 new number is xxx-xxxx (again, your number). CULATA!

 29------------------------------------------------
 "Hello, and welcome to Answering Machines of the Rich and Famous!
 (your name here) can't come to the phone right now, because he's
 spending the week in his beautiful summer home on the French Riviera..."

 30------------------------------------------------
 One day I had a borrowed Casio sampler toy and used it to create a
 rather interesting one:

 Hello. You have reached Tooooommmmmm Tom Tm! Tom and
 MaMaMaMarMMMMaark's room. Tom is studying ssttuuddyyiinngg sssssssssssss
 and MaMark isn'isn'isn'isn't here. isn't here. P-P-Pleas! leave a
 messssssssage. Goodbye. 'bye! bye!bbyebybyyeyeyebbye  {byes repeating
 at all different pitches}

 31------------------------------------------------
 Last year my roommate had a machine but he hated to make the outgoing
 message. Stage fright, I guess. So I usually made them. One that we
 usually used during exam time was:

 {background music: Billy Joel's _Pressure_ very loud}
 Hello. You have reached Tom and Mark's room. We're a little busy now...
 { BJ screams PRESSURE!!! }
 So, leave a message and we'll get back to you someday after (exam end
 date)
 { BJ: ONE TWO THREE FOUR PRESSURE!!! followed by a very out-of-tune BEEP! }

 32------------------------------------------------
 My favorite message that I ever had was the *real* message I recorded
 off 1-800-CALL-SPY, the U.S. army snitching network. Try it, its a great
 recording (call after 5 pm for the message).

 [Give it try!  -pZ]

 33------------------------------------------------

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00005
-<Ring>
 In the background can be heard springs creaking and various moans.

 <Husky, Soft female voice is best> Hi,... You've just reached {name} pleasure
 palace. We're all busy as I'm sure you can tell but when we're done... we'll
 get back to you in whatever way we can. <Beep>

 You wouldn't believe how much explaining my mother wanted on that one...

 34------------------------------------------------
     [b.g. music is frantic, violin oriented]
     "hello.  you have reached xxx-xxxx.  we are currently unable to answer
     because we are either chasing, or being chased by, bats.  please leave
     a message..." etc.

 35------------------------------------------------
     [the quiet, eerie vocal part of 'hello, earth' by kate bush]
     (after about 30 seconds): "hello.  you have reached xxx-xxxx.
     we can't come to the phone right now because we're at vespers.
     please leave a message..." etc. (30 more seconds of music before
     the beep.)

 36------------------------------------------------
 (Spoken in a granny voice)

 "Way back inna winner of fifty-two, we didn' have fanshy gadjets like
 no ansherin' machine.  You jusht had to call and call until shummbody
 got home.  Now, shum people, dey shay dey don' like 'em, but I shay
 it'll shave you a lotta trouble if you jusht leave a meshage.  Thanksh a
 lot."

 Must be spoken in a drawl.

 37------------------------------------------------
 Well, this isn't strictly from an answering machine, but...
 >From Calvin and Hobbes:

 (phone rings)
 (you answer)  Hello, this is <...> speaking.  I'd like a large pizza
 with extra anchovies.
 (other person)  What?
 (you reply)  Oh, sorry, I must have a wrong number.
 (hang up)

 Make everyone's day a little more surreal.

 39------------------------------------------------
 "I'm home right now . . . I'm just screening my calls.  So just start talking
 and if you're someone I want to speak to I'll pick up the phone.  Otherwise,
 well, what can I say?

 40------------------------------------------------
 In Japan, the hand can be used like a knife.
 [sound effect: Heeeeee-YAH!, smashing box of kleenex]
 But this method doesn't work with a telephone call...

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00006
-[sound effect: dial tone]
 Introducing the all-new GINSU answering machine! It cuts, it chops,
 it slices, it dices your incoming calls!  How much would you pay?
 Don't answer, because if you leave your name and number when you
 hear the tone, we'll throw in a return phone call ABSOLUTELY FREE!

 41------------------------------------------------
 "Hi, you have reached .... Please leave your name, phone number and a
 message and if we like it we will return your call".

 42------------------------------------------------
 However, the most effective one I have had so far can be used only one day
 per year: "This is David.  I'm not using the phone over Yom Kippur, so please
 leave a message or call back after the holiday."  No one wants to admit not
 having realized it was Yom Kippur or not knowing I would pick one holiday from
 the whole calendar on which to get observant, so everyone hangs up and leaves
 me no bad news or requests for favors.

 43------------------------------------------------
 "This is David.  Talk."

 44------------------------------------------------
 "Hi.  This is David.  I've shut the ringers off on my phones and taken a
 sedative.  As soon as I finish this recording I'm going to bed indefinitely.
 When I wake up I'll play my messages.  Please leave one."

 45------------------------------------------------
 [with a kazoo band playing "Thus Spake Zarathustra" in the background...]
 "Thinking you were making an ordinary phone call, you have instead
 reached..." [YA-DAAAAAAAAA!] "...the ANSWERING MACHINE!  Leave your name
 and number, and we will get back to you as soon as we can."

 46------------------------------------------------
 "Hello, this is Dr. Pangloss.  If this were the best of all possible worlds,
 I could come to the phone right now, but I can't, so if you could leave your
 name and number..."

 47------------------------------------------------
      "Hello?" <pause for a few seconds> "Sorry, he's not here right now,
 but if you leave a message, he'll get back to you."

 48------------------------------------------------
 (woman taped off a "phone sex" service)

 WOMAN : (seductively) Hi.  I'm Linda.  You know, it can be really lonely
 when you're a fashion model.  Sometimes I just have to ...

 YOU : (interupting) Oh cmon, Linda, give me the damn phone..
 (then ask for a message)

 49------------------------------------------------
 Just after the earthquake a friend of mine put on his answering machine:

      "Hi, this is Jeff.  We can't get to the phone right now because we
 were killed in the Earthquake.  Tragic, isn't it?  But, leave a

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00007
-message anyway, someone is sure to get it eventually."  BEEP

 My favorite post quake message:

     "Hi, we're not in cause we're out LOOTING!
      Leave a message and we'll call you back and tell you what we got."

 50------------------------------------------------
 "Hello, I'm not hear right now.  In fact, I'm out getting a new parakeet.
  If you leave a message after the beep, I'll be sure to get back to you.
  Oh, and by the way, a word of advice; never try to clean a parakeet cage
  with a vacuum cleaner."

 51------------------------------------------------
 Ring...click....(sound of loud music in background)...Hello? - just
 a second while I turn the stereo off (sound of person running to
 click off music, which gets quiet.  sound of person running back
 to phone) OK, sorry about that, hi there, who's this...well hi!...
 uh huh...yeah...well listen you're talking to a machine, so please
 leave a message and I'll call you back.

 (this ran for a while until a friend threatened to kill us after
 she said she had a 2 minute conversation with the machine.)

 52------------------------------------------------
  "Hello, this is Jim. Unfortunately I can't answer the phone right now
   because I've just come back from the Mirror Worlds and I'm still made
   up of antimatter, so if I were to pick up the phone right now, the
   resulting energy release would make Hiroshima look like a wet firecracker.
   So leave a message at the tone and I'll get back to you as soon as my
   component particles have been restored to their normal charges."

 53------------------------------------------------
  "Speak, worm!" <beep>
   Works best if done in a Darth Vader voice.

 54------------------------------------------------
  "You know what to do at the tone." <beep>

 55------------------------------------------------
  "Hello?" <beep>
   This confuses anyone who doesn't know you.

 56------------------------------------------------
  "Hello, I'm not here." <beep>
   A friend of mine used this one last summer. I always answered it with
   "Okay, that's all I wanted to know."

 57------------------------------------------------
    Hi!! You've reached Janet and Chris's room. We're not in right now.
 If this is our parents, we're at the library studying. Yeah, yeah,
 that's it, that's the ticket. If this is John (Chris's boyfriend), Chris
 is out with the girls at the party. Yeah, that's it. If this is any one
 else, we're at a party and you're not. Yeah, a party with the president.
 Yeah and the .... pope. Yeah that's it. <beep>

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00008
-
 58------------------------------------------------
 (in an Italian mafia-style tone:)
 "Hello.  I can't come to the phone right now.  Me and Guido are trying to
  stuff a body in the trunk.  I think we're going to have to size it a
 little... <aside> HEY GUIDO! GET THE CHAINSAW!  Anyways, leave your name
 and a message.  If I like it, you'll hear from me.  If not, _you'll_hear_
 from_Guido! ( a little laughter )...  "
 59------------------------------------------------
 (To the tune of "Heartbreak Hotel" with appropriate instrumental accompaniment)
 I just left home baby
 I'll be out fer a spell
 and if you don't leave a message baby
 you can go to <BEEP>

 60------------------------------------------------
 Hello, this is <insert your name here>.  I'm home right now, and in
 a few moments, I'll have a decision to make.
 BEEEP!

 61------------------------------------------------
         [Theme from "Indiana Jones" in the background.]
         You've reached the residence of John and Tom.  We can't
         come to the phone right now, because we're cleaning the
         refrigerator.  Please leave your name and number, and
         we'll get back to you.
         [Theme from "Indiana Jones" continues until the beep.]

 62------------------------------------------------
 Hi!  John's answering machine is broken.  This is his
         refrigerator.  Please speak very slowly, and I'll stick
         your message to myself with one of these magnets.

 63------------------------------------------------
 One of my favorites had this very exciting scary music, along with a
 kitten crying in the background, and the voice goes:

 The machine answering this message is connected to a 5000 volt power
 supply, and a relay which is wired to this small kitten.  If you hang up
 before you leave a message, it will complete the circuit and will fry
 the kitty.  The choice is YOURS....   BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP
 64------------------------------------------------
 FOXTROT-LIMA-ALPHA-SIERRA-HOTEL.  KEY-DESTRUCT-SEQUENCE-NOW.
 THIS-TERMINAL-ALSO-ACCEPTS-VOICE-MESSAGES......         ~~~

 65------------------------------------------------
         Thank you for calling the Metropolitan Church of the Holy Bible.
         Today's commandment is Number 6, Thou shalt not...  er...  bear
         a...  er...  shalt not witness thy...  uh...  neighbor's ass,
         oh, I mean, false...  er...  shalt not commit a bear...  dern...

 66------------------------------------------------
         How do you leave a message on this thing?  I can't understand
         the instructions.  Hello.  Testing 1 2 3.  I wonder what happens
         if I touch this... YOW!!

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00009
-67------------------------------------------------
         I can't come to the phone now, so if, well, actually, I CAN come
         to the phone now, I mean, like, I'm at the phone NOW, recording
         this message, but I'm doing this NOW, while you're listening to
         it LATER, except for you I guess it's NOW, like, when you're
         listening to it...  I mean, like, wait, gosh.  This is so
         confusing.
 68------------------------------------------------
         I can't come to the phone now, so...  hey -- that's a nice phone
         you have there.  Hey sugar, you call this number often?  I bet
         you have answering machines bothering you all the time...  yes
         indeedy.  Why don't you give me a call sometime and we can
         listen to some old recordings...  I might even play my beep for
         you...

 69------------------------------------------------
         Don't you do it!  Don't you dare!  I don't want to hear it!
         Don't you beep!  If you beep, I'll...  don't even think about
         it!...  Don't...!

 70------------------------------------------------
         After the tone, leave your name, number, and tell where you left
         the money.  I'll get back to you as soon as it's safe for you to
         come out of hiding.

 71------------------------------------------------
         Prepare for alpha test of Beep Software revision 1.05.  Counting
         down to test:  5...  4...  3...  2...  1...

 72------------------------------------------------
         As the drugs take hold, you feel you are losing your grip on
         reality.  You begin to hallucinate.  You see a telephone...  the
         telephone is next to an answering machine...  you hear a faint
         click and a light flashes on the answering machine...  you hear
         a beep...

 73------------------------------------------------
         You're growing tired.  Your eyelids are getting heavy.  You feel
         very sleepy now.  You are gradually losing your willpower and
         your ability to resist suggestions.  When you hear the tone you
         will feel helplessly compelled to leave your name, number, and a
         message.

 74------------------------------------------------
         No!  NO!  Not THAT!  Anything but that!  Not the beep!  No!
         Please!  Not the beep!  Anything but the beep!
         AAAAIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEE!
 75------------------------------------------------
         This is a test.  This is a test of the Answering Machine
         Broadcast System.  This is only a test.

 76------------------------------------------------
         Next on Public Radio 91 we'll be hearing music of Antonin
         Dvorak.  This is the Beep Serenade in C-Sharp Minor, Opus 72...


1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00010
-77------------------------------------------------
         [Sung to the tune of "Ride of the Valkyries"]
         Leave a message...  leave a message...  etc.

 78------------------------------------------------
         Thanks for calling Dial-A-Shrink.  I can't come to the phone
         right now, so after the tone, please leave your name and number,
         then talk briefly about your childhood and tell me what comes to
         mind when you hear the following words:  orange...  mother...
         unicorn...  penis.  I'll get back to you with my diagnosis as
         soon as possible.

 79------------------------------------------------
         [For Shakespeare lovers only]
         So long as phones can ring and eyes can see,
         So leave a message, and I'll get back to thee.

 80------------------------------------------------
         [VOICE 1]  Answer the phone, please, Hal.
         [VOICE 2]  I'm sorry, Dave, I can't do that.

 81------------------------------------------------
         I can't come to the phone right now because I'm down in the
         basement printing up a fresh new batch of 20 dollar bills.  If
         you need any money, or if you just want to check out my
         handiwork, please leave your name, number, and how much cash you
         need after the tone.  If you're from the Department of the
         Treasury, please ignore this message.

 82------------------------------------------------
         Thank you for calling the Confessional Hotline.  Father Durway's
         not here right now, but if you'll leave your name, number, and
         confession at the tone, he'll get back to you with absolution as
         soon as possible.  And remember, confession doesn't count unless
         you confess all of your sins in vivid, graphic detail!

 83------------------------------------------------
         Andy Warhol said that one day everyone will be famous for 15
         minutes.  Well, your 15 minutes was last week, but since you
         weren't ready, we gave it to Vanna White.  Sorry.

 84------------------------------------------------
         C'mon...  you can do it...  just a little one.  That's the
         way...  just a little beep, just a little one.  C'mon...  good
         boy...  here we go...  like this -- beeeeep, just a little one,
         beeeeeeeeeep, c'mon...  There you go!

 85------------------------------------------------
         I can't come to the phone now because I have amnesia and I feel
         stupid talking to people I don't remember.  I'd appreciate it if
         you could help me out by leaving my name and telling me
         something about myself.  Thanks.

 86------------------------------------------------
         I can't come to the phone now because alien beings are eating my

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00011
-        brain.  Leave a message anyway, and after the alien beings
         assume my shape, one of them will get back to you.

 87------------------------------------------------
         Thanks for calling Dial-An-Asshole.  Right now, all our assholes
         are busy.  After the tone, leave your name and number, and we'll
         have an asshole return your call as soon as possible.

 88------------------------------------------------
 Ok, One more time...
 This is our answering machine...
 This is the message on our answering machine...
 ...Any questions?

 89------------------------------------------------
         Hi, can I speak to Mark?...Oh, there isn't?...I'm sorry,
         I must have dialed the wrong number.

 90------------------------------------------------
         <beep, beep, beep>
         The number you have reached,
         Seven.  Six.  Seven.  One.  Two.  Three.  Four.
         [Use your number here.]
         has not been disconnected and is still in service.
         Please leave a message at the sound of the tone.

 91------------------------------------------------
 HANS: This is Hans

 FRANZ: And this is Franz, and we just want to...

 BOTH: Pump (CLAP) you up

 HANS: But we are not at home, you know

 FRANZ: Ya, we are gone

 HANS: If you want us to...

 BOTH: Pump (CLAP) you up

 HANS: You will leave a message after the beep

 FRANZ: If you don't leave a message, then you are Girlyman.

 HANS: Ya, Girlyman.  And we don't talk to Girlyman, you know

 FRANZ: So leave a message and we will call to..

 BOTH: Pump (CLAP) you up

 92------------------------------------------------
 "Hello!  This is 1-800-PRESLEY -- Yes!  1-800-PRESLEY!

 They say the King died 10 years ago, but we know he's still out there

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00012
-somewhere.  So . . . leave your name and number and tell us where
 *YOU* saw Elvis!"

 93------------------------------------------------
        "Hi, you've reached 1-900-CALL-BREN, my personal message line where
         you can talk to me, Bren.  I'll tell you all about how I'm suffering
         in between sports seasons and about my part time hobby of being a
         power forward for the Portland Trailblazers.  I'll tell my deepest
         secrets, such as my desire to be kidnapped by short blonde sorority
         girls wearing short jean skirts, and you can decide whether or not
         I'm wearing pants.  Selected callers will get to talk to me live.
         Since you're not one of them, leave your own personal secret at the
         beep. "

 94------------------------------------------------
  In a vaguely phoneco-operator voice: "I'm sorry, you have reached an
 imaginary number. Would you please rotate your telephone by ninety
 degrees and try your call again."

    A few people even got the joke...

 95------------------------------------------------
 "You have just dialed into the North American Air Defense Contract Center.
 Stand by at the tone to give coordinates and destination of incoming bogey.
 TNR Surveillance will scramble. If you do not respond, this unit will assume
 incoming, non-important."

 96------------------------------------------------
 "Sherwood forest, which dear do you want?"

 "Lucifer speaking, who in the hell do you want?"

 "Heaven, God speaking."

 "Bridge, Kirk here."

  "City Morgue, you kill 'em, we chill 'em; You stab 'em, we slab 'em!"

 97------------------------------------------------
 "Thank you for calling Soviet Embassy.  No KG... Er, no diplomats are
 able to answer phone, so at sound of capitalist tone, leave name,
 telephone number, and short description of secrets you wish to sell."

 98------------------------------------------------
 "I've set up my answering machine so that when anyone calls, they
    here a busy signal."

 99------------------------------------------------
 If you are a burgler, then we are probably at home but can't come
         to the phone right now
 Otherwise, we probably aren't at home.

 100------------------------------------------------
 The number you've dialed is purely imaginary, multiply by i and dial again!


1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00013
-101------------------------------------------------
      This is you-know who.
      We are you-know-where.
      Leave your you-know-what you-know-when.

 102------------------------------------------------
     " I'm Morley Safer."
     "I'm Harry Reasoner."
     "I'm ........
     "And I'm" <the guy whose answering machine it was>
     " We're not home; leave a message."

       He had taped the audio of the beginning of 60 minutes; it sounded
     very funny.

 103------------------------------------------------
 "Greetings.  You've reached Ghengis Kahn's Pornographic Films
 Unlimited.  Fabian, Pat, Rex and Mike are still conducting screen
 tests with potential leading ladies to star opposite the late John
 Holmes in our upcoming feature film "It's Not the Size That Counts but
 Whether or Not You're Alive to Use It."  If you're interested in a
 screen test, or even if you're not, please leave us your name, age,
 phone number, measurements, cup size, a brief summary of your work
 experience, both off and on the screen, and a brief summary of your
 favorite fantasy involving four men, a pair of handcuffs, and a tub of
 Cool Whip.  Thank you for calling."

 104------------------------------------------------
 Another one I've done more than once is to slowly increase the pitch
 and speed of my voice while recording the message to make it sound
 like the machine is broken:

 (start, low pitch, slow)
 "Hhhhheeelllllloooooo thheeeerrrrrrre evvvvveerrrryyyboooodyyyy....

 (middle, normal)
 ..home of Veronica, Jaw-Chyi, Mark and Mike. Nobody's home...

 (later, high pitch, fast)
 ..butifyou'dliketoleaveamessageafterthetonethen...

 (end, incomprehensible chipmunk gibberish)
 ..kkfjdkeirucjkljfkldjrioutjkjfdskoreudjfkleqBEEP!"

 105------------------------------------------------
         This is not an answering machine -- this is a telepathic
         thought-recording device.  After the tone, think about your
         name, your reason for calling, and a number where I can reach
         you, and I'll think about returning your call.

 106------------------------------------------------
     "E'llo."
     "My name is Inigo Montonya."
     "You killed my father."
     "Leave your name and number, and prepare to die."

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00014
-    <beep>

 107------------------------------------------------
 My favorite that I have heard as an answering machine message is also
 from this movie.  My friend recorded the section that goes something
 like:

         "I'm writing the definative work on pain, and I would like you
 to tell me how the machine makes you feel.  Remember, be honest.  This
 is for posterity."

 108------------------------------------------------
 The message I currently have on my recorder is the output from my Amiga's
 speech sythesizer.  It's set up as a dialog between two distict, but
 recognizably artificial voices.  I thought it sort of mediocre myself, but
 have gotten quite a number of amused comments about it.
 -----
 1> Hello, there are no real people here to answer the phone right now.

 2> Yeah, nobody but us machines!

 1> Right, just us machines, but don't hang up!  If you like, you can leave
    your name and telephone number...

 2> ...and a message!  You forgot about the message!

 1> Right.  Leave your name, telephone number, and a brief message after you
    hear the beep, and we will keep track of this stuff until the real people
    get back.

 2> ...unless of course, sombody pulls out our plug!

 109------------------------------------------------
 I taped theoperator saying "we're sorry.  The number you have reached
 has been disconnected or is no longer is service..."

 109------------------------------------------------
  From Halloween this year:

         (Ominous electronic background music.)

         Hi, this is Jim. In honor of Halloween, I'm about to perform
         an unspeakable pagan ritual. So please leave a message. Oh,
         unless you're a virgin, in which case, why don't you stop by?
         SINT MIHI DEI ACHERONTIS PROPITII...

 110------------------------------------------------

         (French monologue in the background)

         Around the world today, millions still speak French as either
         a first or second language. But with your continued support
         and help, we can wipe out French in our lifetime. Please leave
         a message in English at the tone, and remember, if someone
         tries to speak French to you, just say, "non".

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00015
-
 111------------------------------------------------

         Hi, this is Jim. Welcome to my Fun Phone Line, where you can
         talk to my answering machine for only $.95 per minute! Please
         leave your credit card number at the tone...

 112------------------------------------------------

         Hi, this is Jim. Thanks for calling during my spring pledge
         drive. A basic membership is only $30, and a $60 pledge gets
         you an "I love Jim Shea" T-shirt. Please wait for the tone,
         and thank you for your pledge.

 113------------------------------------------------

 (click) "You have reached the CPX-2000 Voice Blackmail System.  Your
         voice patterns are now being digitally encoded and stored for
         later use.  Once this is done, our computers will be able to
         use the sound of _your_ voice for literally thousands of illegal
         and immoral purposes.  There is no charge for this initial
         consultation, however our staff of professional extortionists
         will be contacting you in the near future to further explain the
         benefits of our service, and to arrange for your schedule of
         payment.  Remember to speak clearly at the sound of the tone.
         Thank you."  (BEEEEEEEEEEEP)

 114-------------------------------------------
 Message: Hi this is Craig's car phone.  Craig's at home now, so you can try
 calling him there or leave a message after the beep.

 Caller's message:  Hmmm.  Car phone!?!  I'll call back later when your out.

                                                  -Koris Goudonov
 115------------------------------------

 Every now and then we are all pestered by these high-tech telemarketing
 companies where the sales pitch is usually disguised as a survey of some kind.
 The despicable thing about these things is that they won't leave you
 alone. If you hang up, they will just call back again.

 One day my wife got a call from one of these computer systems, and her
 answering machine answered. The conversation that followed was
 hilarious, as it consisted of two machines talking to each other
 without having the slightest idea about what each other was saying.
 The conversation wound up in an endless loop, as follows:

 [PHONE] *RING*

 [ANSWERING MACHINE] "...At the tone, please give your message.
 BEEEEEP."

 [PHONE] "Hello. This is [company_name], and we are taking a telephone
 survey ... when I ask a question, wait for the beep, then please
 speak plainly.  I will repeat your answer back to you, and verify it.

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00016
-First, what is your phone number? BEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 (The answering machine, upon hearing the beep, got confused and thought

 it was a play-back command, and generated another beep in response.)

 [ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [PHONE] "Thank you! Your phone number was 443-28347-47756-377764-22222.
 Is that correct? BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [PHONE] "Thank you! Do you have any children? BEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [PHONE] Thank you! What is the age of your first child? BEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [PHONE] "Your first child is 1,222 years old. Is that correct?
 BEEEEEP."

 [ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [---------------  BEGIN ENDLESS LOOP ----------------]

 [PHONE] "Thank you! Do you have any more children? BEEEEEEP."

 [ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [PHONE] "Thank you! What is this child's age? BEEEP."

 [ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [PHONE] "This child is 4,233 years old. Is that correct? BEEEEP."

 [ANSWERING MACHINE] "BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP."

 [---------------------END LOOP -----------------------]

 My wife, upon noticing that the answering machine had been going for
 over half an hour, turned up the volume to find out what was going on.
 When she discovered this endless loop (by now she had over 200 children,
 all over 1,000 years old), she switched off the answering machine. The
 computer never called again.

 115----------------------------------------------------
      I had a friend who liked to play with the phones.  He got his girlfriend
 to sound like an operator and make a tape saying:
      "I'm sorry, the number that has dialed you is not in service.  Will
       you please hang up and let it dial again...<crackle> I'm sorry, the..."
      He had a lot of fun calling people up and playing it.


1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00017
-116----------------------------------------------------
 I once answered the phone as follows.
 " San Luis Obispo Police, Sergeant McCallahan here, may I help you?"
 After about five seconds of dead air, I heard a click.  About five minutes
 later, the phone rang again.  This time my roomate answered.  It was the same
 person that had called a few minutes earlier.  It turned out that the long
 delay between calls was due to the fact that he had to mooch a quarter for his
 next call.  He was at a public phone booth and had used his last quarter to
 call us.  I don't think he talked civil to me for a week...

 117----------------------------------------------------
      My grandmother had been bothered by calls coming in after midnight,
 waking her, and forcing her out of bed and across the house to answer.
 Invariably, they were from the same man, seemingly slightly intoxicated,
 with bar-crowd noises in the background. He wanted to speak to Peggy,
 whoever that was, and my grand mother would tell him there was no Peggy
 living there, and that he must have the wrong number. But he wouldn't
 believe her, and kept insisting, begging, pleading, etc. to talk to
 Peggy. My Grandmother would have to just hang up finally.
      This went on for a few days, and late one night, when the phone rang,
 my Grandfather held back his wife, and said, "I'll take care of this", and
 got out of bed to answer the phone. The ensuing conversation was short and
 quick, and went something like this:
      "Hello?"
      "Hello, Can I speak to Peggy?"
      "No, I'm sorry, she can't come to the phone right now-- she's nursing
 the baby."

 118----------------------------------------------------
 Here's my favorite, for calling large offices and idiots-in-general:
 "Hello, is this the person to whom I am speaking?"

 119----------------------------------------------------
      My solution is upon realizing that I'm talking with a "telemarketing
 representative", I ask:  "Are you a telemarketer?"  The answer
 (suprisingly) is usually yes.  I then go into a sales pitch to
 sell a (nonexistant) telephone ear-cusion.
      I insist that every telemarketer must have one for safety and comfort.
      Eventually, they'll forget to try selling me anything.

 120----------------------------------------------------
 A recent posting by Duke McMullan requested ways to repel telephone
 solicitors.  My friend Pepe Tres from Texas told me this one and gave
 permission to post it:
      "My time is billed at $125 per hour.  To continue this
      conversation, I must have your MasterCard or Visa number, card
      type and date of expiration."
 Pepe says it usually leaves them speechless.  One guy replied, "Hey,
 that's good; I'll have to remember it."  Once a supervisor of
 telephone solicitors called back and asked him if he was "some kind of
 high-powered lawyer."
 121----------------------------------------------------

 Everybody gets and dials wrong numbers. It's good to be nice about it. What
 goes around comes around, right? so, I try to reassure the apologetic and

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00018
-embarrassed wrong dialers that will actually converse once the error is
 discovered, with it going something like this:

 caller w. wrong number: "Gee, I'm sorry..."
 me:                     "That's OK, I was going to pick up the phone anyway.."

 122----------------------------------------------------
 How about the 'Fraudian Slip Answer'? Like this:

 <Whoever> here. What can I do to-----I MEAN-----FOR you?

 123----------------------------------------------------
 Try the following next time the phone rings:

 You (when you answer):  Hello, is Jimmy there?

 Caller: No, I'm afraid you have a wrong number.

 You: Oh.  Sorry.

 Caller: No problem... (click)

 124----------------------------------------------------
 (Use a strong east Indian accent)

 Hello, you have reached the existential hotline of (...).
 I am currently meditating, but if you leave your name and
 which lifeline you are currently inhabiting at the sound of
 the Om, I will send good karma waves and contact you when
 the stars align properly.
 Oooooommmmmmmmmmmmm...

 125
 (heavy panting and breathing in the background), Oh!  Sorry,
 I can't come (Oh! Yes!  Do it to me) to the (Oh!) phone right
 now (pant pant), leave your name and number at the
 (scream) (I'm gonna come!!!!!) orgasm.


 126
 (1) "Hello, this is Ron.  (pause)   Hello?   Hello!!?    Nah, just
 kidding.  This is an answering machine. (etc.)"
 127
 (2) "Hello, this is Ron.  I'm not home right now, but I can take a
 message.  Hang on a second while I get a pencil."  (background noise -
 open a drawer and shuffle stuff around.)  "OK, what would you like me
 to tell me?"
 128
 Also, something you might do after you've had the machine for a few
 months is start answering in person with "Hello, this is a live
 voice."  (Variation on a theme by "The Cosby Show".)  Or you could try
 answering your own phone with "Hello, is Ron there?"




1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00019
-129
 I actually did this once when a call came in at an inopportune moment:
 I picked up the phone, said "Hi, this is Chris.  I can't come to the phone
 right now, so please leave a message after the tone.  -EEEEE-" -- that
 last being a tone-like sound - and the caller proceeded to leave name,
 phone number, and message, and hang up.  I went back to what I'd been
 doing.



         Before I bought an answering machine, I thought I didn't need
         one.  Then I started thinking up possible messages, and before
         long I had bought an answering machine just so I could put my
         messages on it.  Here they are.  There are plenty of them...
         ______________

 130
         Hello, this is the Brown residence.  We're in the middle of a
         family fight right now.  Leave your name and number at the beep
         and whoever wins will call you right back.

 131
         Don't you do it!  Don't you dare!  I don't want to hear it!
         Don't you beep!  If you beep, I'll...  don't even think about
         it!...  Don't...!


 132
         Hello.  This is Nonoxynol-9, the persona and private telephone
         number of Mikhail Vladivostok Gorbachev, General Secretary of
         the Supreme Council of the glorious Communist Party of the Union
         of Sovjet Socialist Republics, Commander-In-Chief of the
         Combined Armies of the Proletariat Peoples of Russia, First
         Citizen of the Order of Lenin, Supreme Patron of the Soviet
         Institute of Literature and Domestic Sciences, President of the
         Soviet People's Council of Peace and Happiness and Captain of
         the Kremlin B Squash Team.  But hey, call me Mike.
 133
         The President is not in his office at this time.  Please leave
         your name, phone number, the name of the country you wish to
         invade, and the secret password.
 134
         We're sorry.  You have reached an imaginary number.  Please
         rotate your phone 90 degrees and try again.
 135
         Hi there.  This is Joe speaking.  I'm home right now, and in a
         moment, I'll have a decision to make.  Leave your name and
         number and I'll be thinking about it...
 136
         Hi!  You have reached 234-1243.  This is an answering machine.
         This is the Nineties.  You know what to do.

 137
         I'm not at home today, and I might not be home tomorrow.  So
         please leave a message after the tone.  I didn't take a shower

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00020
-        today, and I might not take one tomorrow.  So if you don't leave
         a message after the tone, you might have to deal with me in
         person.
 138
         Hi!  I can't answer the phone right now.  Bob, that's my pet
         parakeet, just swallowed a cherry bomb.  It wasn't lit, but I've
         got to get him to the bathroom.  Uh-oh!  (Sound of a paper bag
         exploding.)

 139
         (After a power outage:)  Hi, this is Ralph.  The good news is
         that my power is back on.  The bad news for you is, so is my
         answering machine.  So, leave a message.
 140
         Hello, this is Death.  I am not in right now, but if you leave
         your name and number, I'll be right with you.
 141
         Hello, this is KVKE, you're on the air.

 142
         Hello, this is Ron's toaster.  Ron's new answering machine is in
         the shop for repairs, so please leave your message when the
         toast is done....  (Cachunk!)
 143

         You've reached the S&M hotline.  All our operators are tied up
         right now, so if you leave a name, number, a list of
         transgressions, and bark like a dog, we'll get right back to you
         with your penance.
 144
         Thank you for calling Robert's House of Love.  All of our
         customer service representatives are, er...  busy servicing
         customers, so at the sound of the erotic tone, leave your name,
         number, and a short description of whatever turns you on...
 145
         You know what I hate about answering machine messages?  They go
         on and on, wasting your time.  I mean, all they really need to
         say is, "We aren't in, leave a message."  That's why I've
         decided to keep mine simple and short.  I pledge to you, my
         caller, that you will never have to suffer through another long
         answering machine message when you call me...

 146
         Hi, dudes, this is 229-3053, the Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles'
         secret underground hideaway.  I'm afraid we're all out just now
         on a desperate mission to save the Planet from boring answering
         machine messages, but if you know what The Shredder has done to
         April O'Neill, or if you know where he is, or if you can think
         of a decent pizza recipe, just leave your name and number and
         we'll ring you right back.  But don't say anything yet!  Enemy
         agents may be listening.  When the computer has checked they're
         not eavesdropping, it will make a bleeping noise and you can
         speak freely.
 147
         These words are lovely dark and deep

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00021
-        But I've got promises to keep
         and miles to go before I sleep
         So leave a message at the beep.
 148
         Now I lay me down to sleep;
         Leave a message at the beep.
         If I die before I wake,
         Remember to erase the tape.


 __________________________
 149
 Dial some number at random. Ask: "May I speak to Kevin? Oh, wrong number?
 Could you please tell him that his pizza is ready?". Hang up.

 Dial the same number again 15 minutes later. In a different voice: "May I
 speak to Kevin? Oh, wrong number? Could you please tell him that John
 called?". Hang up.

 Repeat 10 times. On the eleventh: "Hi, this is Kevin. Did I get any
 messages?"

 ____________________________
 150
 Dial a number. "Hello, this is your local telephone station speaking. We
 are sorry to tell you but we are having a terrible fire here at the
 station. The fire cannot be controlled, it is spreading over telephone
 cables and will reach your house in 5 minutes. So, if you don't want to
 burn down your house, hurry up and take your
 telephone receiver and throw it into a bucket of cold water!"

 Sometimes it works, and people do throw their receivers into water. It is
 especially amusing to play this joke on the people whom you intend to visit
 later in the day. That way you can come and inspect the damage.

 ___________________________
 151
 "Hello, this is your local Zoo speaking. Do you like animals? We are
 experiencing severe problems with hot water. Would you be so kind as to allow
 us to bring our elephants over to your bathroom for a shower?"

 The most common response: "Well, sure, but my neighbour's bathroom is
 bigger and better equipped to handle elephants."

 _______________________
 152
 When you knock on somebody's door and they ask "Who is there?", a good reply
 is "And who is THERE?"

 ________________________

 153
 Hello, this is Lee Iacoca.  Today we are soliciting money for the United Negro
 College Fund, because a mind is a terrible thing... and they should be
 stopped before they hurt somebody.  So please leave your credit card number

1FILE: ANS      MSGS     D1                VM/ESA Conversational Monitor System
PAGE 00022
-after the beep.  Thank you for your help.

 _______________________________

 154

 I don't want to bore you with metaphysics, but how do you know this is an
 answering machine, maybe its a dream or maybe its an illusion and you don't
 really exist.  One way to find out, leave a message and if its reality I will
 call you back.



Goodbye untill we interface again.
 But watch out.
  Next time we may interface face to face.
    So face it.
      Numerically yours,
       El Bino
       11001100011100   Gordon Rogers, Psuvm
-- 

 ______________________________________________________________________________
|Kyle S. Davis				                                       |
|2000HD	1MbRAM//                                Hot VWs               1973     |
|1084s       //  Only Amiga makes it possible,    \/   Take 2 home-   311      |
|Oki 20   \\//   All others make it plausible.   \/\/  They're small.          |
|
|______________________________________________________________________________|

A guy's driving down a country road when he comes upon a sign saying "Apples - $5.00 each."He thinks that that is a lot of money
so he decides to go see what's up.He goes up to the farmer and says, "Hey, how come these apples are 5 bucks each?"

The farmer replies, "They are peanut butter and jelly apples." The farmer hands him one and says, "Here, try one."So the man
takes a bite out of the apple and says, "Peanut butter - that's great, but I thought you said that they were peanut butter and 
jelly apples."

The farmer tells the man to turn it around.The man bites the other side and exclaims "son of a gun - jelly!" The man says, "These
apples are great - give me some." He gets back in his car and drives a little further down the road and then sees another sign 
"Apples - $10 each."Again, he pulls over, goes to the farmer and says, "Hey, what's up with these apples?"

The farmer says, "They're ham and cheese apples.Here, try one." The guy takes a bit and exclaims, "Son of a gun - ham!" The guy 
then says, "Let me guess- I have to turn it around."  The farmer says "You got it." The guy bites the other side and says,
"Cheese."Again the man says, "These apples are great - give me some."

Then he gets back in his car and drives down the road.  He comes upon a third sign that says "Apples - $50 each."The guy really
wants to see what's up with these apples.Again, he pulls over, goes up to the farmer and says, "What's the deal with these apples? 
50 bucks each?"

The farmer tells him that "These apples are pussy apples. Here, try one." The guy takes a bite out of it and says, "Yuck, this
apple tastes like crap." The farmer says, "Turn it around!"


[pg/etext94/suntx10.txt]

Main Text of: Sun Tzu on the Art of War (Lionel Giles, trans.)
May, 1994  [Etext #132]

This text is in the PUBLIC DOMAIN.





                     SUN TZU ON THE ART OF WAR 
            THE OLDEST MILITARY TREATISE IN THE WORLD 

                    Translated from the Chinese 
                    By LIONEL GILES, M.A. (1910)



[This is the basic text of Sun Tzu on the Art of War.  It was
extracted from Mr. Giles' complete work as titled above.  The
commentary itself, which, of course includes this work embedded
within it, has been released as suntzu10.txt (or suntzu10.zip).
This is being released only as an adjunct to that work, which
contains a wealth of commentary upon this text.]




I. LAYING PLANS


 1. Sun Tzu said:  The art of war is of vital importance
    to the State.

 2. It is a matter of life and death, a road either
    to safety or to ruin.  Hence it is a subject of inquiry
    which can on no account be neglected.

 3. The art of war, then, is governed by five constant
    factors, to be taken into account in one's deliberations,
    when seeking to determine the conditions obtaining in the field.

 4. These are:  (1) The Moral Law; (2) Heaven; (3) Earth;
    (4) The Commander; (5) Method and discipline.

5,6. The Moral Law causes the people to be in complete
    accord with their ruler, so that they will follow him
    regardless of their lives, undismayed by any danger.

 7. Heaven signifies night and day, cold and heat,
    times and seasons.

 8. Earth comprises distances, great and small;
    danger and security; open ground and narrow passes;
    the chances of life and death.

 9. The Commander stands for the virtues of wisdom,
    sincerely, benevolence, courage and strictness.

10. By method and discipline are to be understood
    the marshaling of the army in its proper subdivisions,
    the graduations of rank among the officers, the maintenance
    of roads by which supplies may reach the army, and the
    control of military expenditure.

11. These five heads should be familiar to every general: 
    he who knows them will be victorious; he who knows them
    not will fail.

12. Therefore, in your deliberations, when seeking
    to determine the military conditions, let them be made
    the basis of a comparison, in this wise:--

13. (1) Which of the two sovereigns is imbued
        with the Moral law?
    (2) Which of the two generals has most ability?
    (3) With whom lie the advantages derived from Heaven
        and Earth?
    (4) On which side is discipline most rigorously enforced?
    (5) Which army is stronger?
    (6) On which side are officers and men more highly trained?
    (7) In which army is there the greater constancy
        both in reward and punishment?

14. By means of these seven considerations I can
    forecast victory or defeat.

15. The general that hearkens to my counsel and acts
    upon it, will conquer:  let such a one be retained in command! 
    The general that hearkens not to my counsel nor acts upon it,
    will suffer defeat:--let such a one be dismissed!

16. While heading the profit of my counsel,
    avail yourself also of any helpful circumstances
    over and beyond the ordinary rules.

17. According as circumstances are favorable,
    one should modify one's plans.

18. All warfare is based on deception.

19. Hence, when able to attack, we must seem unable;
    when using our forces, we must seem inactive; when we
    are near, we must make the enemy believe we are far away;
    when far away, we must make him believe we are near.

20. Hold out baits to entice the enemy.  Feign disorder,
    and crush him.

21. If he is secure at all points, be prepared for him. 
    If he is in superior strength, evade him.

22. If your opponent is of choleric temper, seek to
    irritate him.  Pretend to be weak, that he may grow arrogant.

23. If he is taking his ease, give him no rest. 
    If his forces are united, separate them.

24. Attack him where he is unprepared, appear where
    you are not expected.

25. These military devices, leading to victory,
    must not be divulged beforehand.

26. Now the general who wins a battle makes many
    calculations in his temple ere the battle is fought. 
    The general who loses a battle makes but few
    calculations beforehand.  Thus do many calculations
    lead to victory, and few calculations to defeat: 
    how much more no calculation at all!  It is by attention
    to this point that I can foresee who is likely to win or lose.


II. WAGING WAR


 1. Sun Tzu said:  In the operations of war,
    where there are in the field a thousand swift chariots,
    as many heavy chariots, and a hundred thousand
    mail-clad soldiers, with provisions enough to carry them
    a thousand li, the expenditure at home and at the front,
    including entertainment of guests, small items such as
    glue and paint, and sums spent on chariots and armor,
    will reach the total of a thousand ounces of silver per day. 
    Such is the cost of raising an army of 100,000 men.

 2. When you engage in actual fighting, if victory
    is long in coming, then men's weapons will grow dull and
    their ardor will be damped.  If you lay siege to a town,
    you will exhaust your strength.
 3. Again, if the campaign is protracted, the resources
    of the State will not be equal to the strain.

 4. Now, when your weapons are dulled, your ardor damped,
    your strength exhausted and your treasure spent,
    other chieftains will spring up to take advantage
    of your extremity.  Then no man, however wise,
    will be able to avert the consequences that must ensue.

 5. Thus, though we have heard of stupid haste in war,
    cleverness has never been seen associated with long delays.

 6. There is no instance of a country having benefited
    from prolonged warfare.

 7. It is only one who is thoroughly acquainted
    with the evils of war that can thoroughly understand
    the profitable way of carrying it on.

 8. The skillful soldier does not raise a second levy,
    neither are his supply-wagons loaded more than twice.

 9. Bring war material with you from home, but forage
    on the enemy.  Thus the army will have food enough
    for its needs.

10. Poverty of the State exchequer causes an army
    to be maintained by contributions from a distance. 
    Contributing to maintain an army at a distance causes
    the people to be impoverished.

11. On the other hand, the proximity of an army causes
    prices to go up; and high prices cause the people's
    substance to be drained away.

12. When their substance is drained away, the peasantry
    will be afflicted by heavy exactions.

13,14. With this loss of substance and exhaustion
    of strength, the homes of the people will be stripped bare,
    and three-tenths of their income will be dissipated;
    while government expenses for broken chariots, worn-out horses,
    breast-plates and helmets, bows and arrows, spears and shields,
    protective mantles, draught-oxen and heavy wagons,
    will amount to four-tenths of its total revenue.

15. Hence a wise general makes a point of foraging
    on the enemy.  One cartload of the enemy's provisions
    is equivalent to twenty of one's own, and likewise
    a single picul of his provender is equivalent to twenty
    from one's own store.

16. Now in order to kill the enemy, our men must
    be roused to anger; that there may be advantage from
    defeating the enemy, they must have their rewards.

17. Therefore in chariot fighting, when ten or more chariots
    have been taken, those should be rewarded who took the first. 
    Our own flags should be substituted for those of the enemy,
    and the chariots mingled and used in conjunction with ours. 
    The captured soldiers should be kindly treated and kept.

18. This is called, using the conquered foe to augment
    one's own strength.

19. In war, then, let your great object be victory,
    not lengthy campaigns.

20. Thus it may be known that the leader of armies
    is the arbiter of the people's fate, the man on whom it
    depends whether the nation shall be in peace or in peril.


III. ATTACK BY STRATAGEM


 1. Sun Tzu said:  In the practical art of war, the best
    thing of all is to take the enemy's country whole and intact;
    to shatter and destroy it is not so good.  So, too, it is
    better to recapture an army entire than to destroy it,
    to capture a regiment, a detachment or a company entire
    than to destroy them.

 2. Hence to fight and conquer in all your battles
    is not supreme excellence; supreme excellence consists
    in breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting.

 3. Thus the highest form of generalship is to
    balk the enemy's plans; the next best is to prevent
    the junction of the enemy's forces; the next in
    order is to attack the enemy's army in the field;
    and the worst policy of all is to besiege walled cities.

 4. The rule is, not to besiege walled cities if it
    can possibly be avoided.  The preparation of mantlets,
    movable shelters, and various implements of war, will take
    up three whole months; and the piling up of mounds over
    against the walls will take three months more.

 5. The general, unable to control his irritation,
    will launch his men to the assault like swarming ants,
    with the result that one-third of his men are slain,
    while the town still remains untaken.  Such are the disastrous
    effects of a siege.

 6. Therefore the skillful leader subdues the enemy's
    troops without any fighting; he captures their cities
    without laying siege to them; he overthrows their kingdom
    without lengthy operations in the field.

 7. With his forces intact he will dispute the mastery
    of the Empire, and thus, without losing a man, his triumph
    will be complete.  This is the method of attacking by stratagem.

 8. It is the rule in war, if our forces are ten
    to the enemy's one, to surround him; if five to one,
    to attack him; if twice as numerous, to divide our army
    into two.

 9. If equally matched, we can offer battle;
    if slightly inferior in numbers, we can avoid the enemy;
    if quite unequal in every way, we can flee from him.

10. Hence, though an obstinate fight may be made
    by a small force, in the end it must be captured
    by the larger force.

11. Now the general is the bulwark of the State;
    if the bulwark is complete at all points; the State will
    be strong; if the bulwark is defective, the State will
    be weak.

12. There are three ways in which a ruler can bring
    misfortune upon his army:--

13. (1) By commanding the army to advance or to retreat,
    being ignorant of the fact that it cannot obey. 
    This is called hobbling the army.

14. (2) By attempting to govern an army in the
    same way as he administers a kingdom, being ignorant
    of the conditions which obtain in an army.  This causes
    restlessness in the soldier's minds.

15. (3) By employing the officers of his army
    without discrimination, through ignorance of the
    military principle of adaptation to circumstances. 
    This shakes the confidence of the soldiers.

16. But when the army is restless and distrustful,
    trouble is sure to come from the other feudal princes. 
    This is simply bringing anarchy into the army, and flinging
    victory away.

17. Thus we may know that there are five essentials
    for victory:
    (1) He will win who knows when to fight and when
        not to fight.
    (2) He will win who knows how to handle both superior
        and inferior forces.
    (3) He will win whose army is animated by the same
        spirit throughout all its ranks.
    (4) He will win who, prepared himself, waits to take
        the enemy unprepared.
    (5) He will win who has military capacity and is
        not interfered with by the sovereign.

18. Hence the saying:  If you know the enemy
    and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a
    hundred battles.  If you know yourself but not the enemy,
    for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. 
    If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will
    succumb in every battle.


IV. TACTICAL DISPOSITIONS


 1. Sun Tzu said:  The good fighters of old first put
    themselves beyond the possibility of defeat, and then
    waited for an opportunity of defeating the enemy.

 2. To secure ourselves against defeat lies in our
    own hands, but the opportunity of defeating the enemy
    is provided by the enemy himself.
 3. Thus the good fighter is able to secure himself against defeat,
    but cannot make certain of defeating the enemy.

 4. Hence the saying:  One may know how to conquer
    without being able to do it.

 5. Security against defeat implies defensive tactics;
    ability to defeat the enemy means taking the offensive.

 6. Standing on the defensive indicates insufficient
    strength; attacking, a superabundance of strength.

 7. The general who is skilled in defense hides in the
    most secret recesses of the earth; he who is skilled in
    attack flashes forth from the topmost heights of heaven. 
    Thus on the one hand we have ability to protect ourselves;
    on the other, a victory that is complete.

 8. To see victory only when it is within the ken
    of the common herd is not the acme of excellence.

 9. Neither is it the acme of excellence if you fight
    and conquer and the whole Empire says, "Well done!"

10. To lift an autumn hair is no sign of great strength;
    to see the sun and moon is no sign of sharp sight;
    to hear the noise of thunder is no sign of a quick ear.

11. What the ancients called a clever fighter is
    one who not only wins, but excels in winning with ease.

12. Hence his victories bring him neither reputation
    for wisdom nor credit for courage.

13. He wins his battles by making no mistakes. 
    Making no mistakes is what establishes the certainty
    of victory, for it means conquering an enemy that is
    already defeated.

14. Hence the skillful fighter puts himself into
    a position which makes defeat impossible, and does
    not miss the moment for defeating the enemy.

15. Thus it is that in war the victorious strategist
    only seeks battle after the victory has been won,
    whereas he who is destined to defeat first fights
    and afterwards looks for victory.

16. The consummate leader cultivates the moral law,
    and strictly adheres to method and discipline; thus it is
    in his power to control success.

17. In respect of military method, we have,
    firstly, Measurement; secondly, Estimation of quantity;
    thirdly, Calculation; fourthly, Balancing of chances;
    fifthly, Victory.

18. Measurement owes its existence to Earth;
    Estimation of quantity to Measurement; Calculation to
    Estimation of quantity; Balancing of chances to Calculation;
    and Victory to Balancing of chances.

19. A victorious army opposed to a routed one, is as
    a pound's weight placed in the scale against a single grain.

20. The onrush of a conquering force is like the bursting
    of pent-up waters into a chasm a thousand fathoms deep.


V. ENERGY


 1. Sun Tzu said:  The control of a large force
    is the same principle as the control of a few men: 
    it is merely a question of dividing up their numbers.

 2. Fighting with a large army under your command
    is nowise different from fighting with a small one: 
    it is merely a question of instituting signs and signals.

 3. To ensure that your whole host may withstand
    the brunt of the enemy's attack and remain unshaken--
    this is effected by maneuvers direct and indirect.

 4. That the impact of your army may be like a grindstone
    dashed against an egg--this is effected by the science
    of weak points and strong.

 5. In all fighting, the direct method may be used
    for joining battle, but indirect methods will be needed
    in order to secure victory.

 6. Indirect tactics, efficiently applied, are inexhaustible
    as Heaven and Earth, unending as the flow of rivers and streams;
    like the sun and moon, they end but to begin anew;
    like the four seasons, they pass away to return once more.

 7. There are not more than five musical notes,
    yet the combinations of these five give rise to more
    melodies than can ever be heard.

 8. There are not more than five primary colors
    (blue, yellow, red, white, and black), yet in combination
    they produce more hues than can ever been seen.

 9. There are not more than five cardinal tastes
    (sour, acrid, salt, sweet, bitter), yet combinations
    of them yield more flavors than can ever be tasted.

10. In battle, there are not more than two methods
    of attack--the direct and the indirect; yet these two
    in combination give rise to an endless series of maneuvers.

11. The direct and the indirect lead on to each other in turn. 
    It is like moving in a circle--you never come to an end. 
    Who can exhaust the possibilities of their combination?

12. The onset of troops is like the rush of a torrent
    which will even roll stones along in its course.

13. The quality of decision is like the well-timed
    swoop of a falcon which enables it to strike and destroy
    its victim.

14. Therefore the good fighter will be terrible
    in his onset, and prompt in his decision.

15. Energy may be likened to the bending of a crossbow;
    decision, to the releasing of a trigger.

16. Amid the turmoil and tumult of battle, there may
    be seeming disorder and yet no real disorder at all;
    amid confusion and chaos, your array may be without head
    or tail, yet it will be proof against defeat.

17. Simulated disorder postulates perfect discipline,
    simulated fear postulates courage; simulated weakness
    postulates strength.

18. Hiding order beneath the cloak of disorder is
    simply a question of subdivision; concealing courage under
    a show of timidity presupposes a fund of latent energy;
    masking strength with weakness is to be effected
    by tactical dispositions.

19. Thus one who is skillful at keeping the enemy
    on the move maintains deceitful appearances, according to
    which the enemy will act.  He sacrifices something,
    that the enemy may snatch at it.

20. By holding out baits, he keeps him on the march;
    then with a body of picked men he lies in wait for him.

21. The clever combatant looks to the effect of combined
    energy, and does not require too much from individuals. 
    Hence his ability to pick out the right men and utilize
    combined energy.

22. When he utilizes combined energy, his fighting
    men become as it were like unto rolling logs or stones. 
    For it is the nature of a log or stone to remain
    motionless on level ground, and to move when on a slope;
    if four-cornered, to come to a standstill, but if
    round-shaped, to go rolling down.

23. Thus the energy developed by good fighting men
    is as the momentum of a round stone rolled down a mountain
    thousands of feet in height.  So much on the subject
    of energy.


VI. WEAK POINTS AND STRONG


 1. Sun Tzu said:  Whoever is first in the field and
    awaits the coming of the enemy, will be fresh for the fight;
    whoever is second in the field and has to hasten to battle
    will arrive exhausted.

 2. Therefore the clever combatant imposes his will on
    the enemy, but does not allow the enemy's will to be imposed on him.

 3. By holding out advantages to him, he can cause the enemy
    to approach of his own accord; or, by inflicting damage,
    he can make it impossible for the enemy to draw near.

 4. If the enemy is taking his ease, he can harass him;
    if well supplied with food, he can starve him out;
    if quietly encamped, he can force him to move.

 5. Appear at points which the enemy must hasten to defend;
    march swiftly to places where you are not expected.

 6. An army may march great distances without distress,
    if it marches through country where the enemy is not.

 7. You can be sure of succeeding in your attacks
    if you only attack places which are undefended.You can
    ensure the safety of your defense if you only hold
    positions that cannot be attacked.

 8. Hence that general is skillful in attack whose
    opponent does not know what to defend; and he is skillful
    in defense whose opponent does not know what to attack.

 9. O divine art of subtlety and secrecy!  Through you
    we learn to be invisible, through you inaudible;
    and hence we can hold the enemy's fate in our hands.

10. You may advance and be absolutely irresistible,
    if you make for the enemy's weak points; you may retire
    and be safe from pursuit if your movements are more rapid
    than those of the enemy.

11. If we wish to fight, the enemy can be forced
    to an engagement even though he be sheltered behind a high
    rampart and a deep ditch.  All we need do is attack
    some other place that he will be obliged to relieve.

12. If we do not wish to fight, we can prevent
    the enemy from engaging us even though the lines
    of our encampment be merely traced out on the ground. 
    All we need do is to throw something odd and unaccountable
    in his way.

13. By discovering the enemy's dispositions and remaining
    invisible ourselves, we can keep our forces concentrated,
    while the enemy's must be divided.

14. We can form a single united body, while the
    enemy must split up into fractions.  Hence there will
    be a whole pitted against separate parts of a whole,
    which means that we shall be many to the enemy's few.

15. And if we are able thus to attack an inferior force
    with a superior one, our opponents will be in dire straits.

16. The spot where we intend to fight must not be
    made known; for then the enemy will have to prepare
    against a possible attack at several different points;
    and his forces being thus distributed in many directions,
    the numbers we shall have to face at any given point will
    be proportionately few.

17. For should the enemy strengthen his van,
    he will weaken his rear; should he strengthen his rear,
    he will weaken his van; should he strengthen his left,
    he will weaken his right; should he strengthen his right,
    he will weaken his left.  If he sends reinforcements everywhere,
    he will everywhere be weak.

18. Numerical weakness comes from having to prepare
    against possible attacks; numerical strength, from compelling
    our adversary to make these preparations against us.

19. Knowing the place and the time of the coming battle,
    we may concentrate from the greatest distances in order
    to fight.

20. But if neither time nor place be known,
    then the left wing will be impotent to succor the right,
    the right equally impotent to succor the left, the van
    unable to relieve the rear, or the rear to support the van. 
    How much more so if the furthest portions of the army are
    anything under a hundred LI apart, and even the nearest
    are separated by several LI!

21. Though according to my estimate the soldiers
    of Yueh exceed our own in number, that shall advantage
    them nothing in the matter of victory.  I say then
    that victory can be achieved.

22. Though the enemy be stronger in numbers, we may
    prevent him from fighting.  Scheme so as to discover
    his plans and the likelihood of their success.

23. Rouse him, and learn the principle of his
    activity or inactivity.  Force him to reveal himself,
    so as to find out his vulnerable spots.

24. Carefully compare the opposing army with your own,
    so that you may know where strength is superabundant
    and where it is deficient.

25. In making tactical dispositions, the highest pitch
    you can attain is to conceal them; conceal your dispositions,
    and you will be safe from the prying of the subtlest spies,
    from the machinations of the wisest brains.

26. How victory may be produced for them out of the enemy's
    own tactics--that is what the multitude cannot comprehend.

27. All men can see the tactics whereby I conquer,
    but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory
    is evolved.

28. Do not repeat the tactics which have gained
    you one victory, but let your methods be regulated
    by the infinite variety of circumstances.

29. Military tactics are like unto water; for water in its
    natural course runs away from high places and hastens downwards.

30. So in war, the way is to avoid what is strong
    and to strike at what is weak.

31. Water shapes its course according to the nature
    of the ground over which it flows; the soldier works
    out his victory in relation to the foe whom he is facing.

32. Therefore, just as water retains no constant shape,
    so in warfare there are no constant conditions.

33. He who can modify his tactics in relation to his
    opponent and thereby succeed in winning, may be called
    a heaven-born captain.

34. The five elements (water, fire, wood, metal, earth)
    are not always equally predominant; the four seasons make
    way for each other in turn.  There are short days and long;
    the moon has its periods of waning and waxing.


VII. MANEUVERING


 1. Sun Tzu said:  In war, the general receives his
    commands from the sovereign.

 2. Having collected an army and concentrated his forces,
    he must blend and harmonize the different elements thereof
    before pitching his camp.

 3. After that, comes tactical maneuvering,
    than which there is nothing more difficult. 
    The difficulty of tactical maneuvering consists
    in turning the devious into the direct, and misfortune into gain.

 4. Thus, to take a long and circuitous route,
    after enticing the enemy out of the way, and though starting
    after him, to contrive to reach the goal before him,
    shows knowledge of the artifice of DEVIATION.

 5. Maneuvering with an army is advantageous;
    with an undisciplined multitude, most dangerous.

 6. If you set a fully equipped army in march in order
    to snatch an advantage, the chances are that you will be
    too late.  On the other hand, to detach a flying column
    for the purpose involves the sacrifice of its baggage
    and stores.

 7. Thus, if you order your men to roll up their
    buff-coats, and make forced marches without halting day
    or night, covering double the usual distance at a stretch,
    doing a hundred LI in order to wrest an advantage,
    the leaders of all your three divisions will fall into
    the hands of the enemy.

 8. The stronger men will be in front, the jaded
    ones will fall behind, and on this plan only one-tenth
    of your army will reach its destination.

 9. If you march fifty LI in order to outmaneuver
    the enemy, you will lose the leader of your first division,
    and only half your force will reach the goal.

10. If you march thirty LI with the same object,
    two-thirds of your army will arrive.

11. We may take it then that an army without its
    baggage-train is lost; without provisions it is lost;
    without bases of supply it is lost.

12. We cannot enter into alliances until we are
    acquainted with the designs of our neighbors.

13. We are not fit to lead an army on the march
    unless we are familiar with the face of the country--its
    mountains and forests, its pitfalls and precipices,
    its marshes and swamps.

14. We shall be unable to turn natural advantage
    to account unless we make use of local guides.

15. In war, practice dissimulation, and you will succeed.

16. Whether to concentrate or to divide your troops,
    must be decided by circumstances.

17. Let your rapidity be that of the wind,
    your compactness that of the forest.

18. In raiding and plundering be like fire,
    is immovability like a mountain.

19. Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night,
    and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt.

20. When you plunder a countryside, let the spoil be
    divided amongst your men; when you capture new territory,
    cut it up into allotments for the benefit of the soldiery.

21. Ponder and deliberate before you make a move.

22. He will conquer who has learnt the artifice
    of deviation.  Such is the art of maneuvering.

23. The Book of Army Management says:  On the field
    of battle, the spoken word does not carry far enough: 
    hence the institution of gongs and drums.  Nor can ordinary
    objects be seen clearly enough:  hence the institution
    of banners and flags.

24. Gongs and drums, banners and flags, are means
    whereby the ears and eyes of the host may be focused
    on one particular point.

25. The host thus forming a single united body,
    is it impossible either for the brave to advance alone,
    or for the cowardly to retreat alone.  This is the art
    of handling large masses of men.

26. In night-fighting, then, make much use of signal-fires
    and drums, and in fighting by day, of flags and banners,
    as a means of influencing the ears and eyes of your army.

27. A whole army may be robbed of its spirit;
    a commander-in-chief may be robbed of his presence of mind.

28. Now a soldier's spirit is keenest in the morning;
    by noonday it has begun to flag; and in the evening,
    his mind is bent only on returning to camp.

29. A clever general, therefore, avoids an army when
    its spirit is keen, but attacks it when it is sluggish
    and inclined to return.  This is the art of studying moods.

30. Disciplined and calm, to await the appearance
    of disorder and hubbub amongst the enemy:--this is the art
    of retaining self-possession.

31. To be near the goal while the enemy is still
    far from it, to wait at ease while the enemy is
    toiling and struggling, to be well-fed while the enemy
    is famished:--this is the art of husbanding one's strength.

32. To refrain from intercepting an enemy whose
    banners are in perfect order, to refrain from attacking
    an army drawn up in calm and confident array:--this
    is the art of studying circumstances.

33. It is a military axiom not to advance uphill
    against the enemy, nor to oppose him when he comes downhill.

34. Do not pursue an enemy who simulates flight;
    do not attack soldiers whose temper is keen.

35. Do not swallow bait offered by the enemy. 
    Do not interfere with an army that is returning home.

36. When you surround an army, leave an outlet free. 
    Do not press a desperate foe too hard.

37. Such is the art of warfare.


VIII. VARIATION IN TACTICS


 1. Sun Tzu said:  In war, the general receives
    his commands from the sovereign, collects his army
    and concentrates his forces

 2. When in difficult country, do not encamp.  In country
    where high roads intersect, join hands with your allies. 
    Do not linger in dangerously isolated positions. 
    In hemmed-in situations, you must resort to stratagem. 
    In desperate position, you must fight.

 3. There are roads which must not be followed,
    armies which must be not attacked, towns which must
    be besieged, positions which must not be contested,
    commands of the sovereign which must not be obeyed.

 4. The general who thoroughly understands the advantages
    that accompany variation of tactics knows how to handle
    his troops.

 5. The general who does not understand these, may be well
    acquainted with the configuration of the country, yet he
    will not be able to turn his knowledge to practical account.

 6. So, the student of war who is unversed in the art
    of war of varying his plans, even though he be acquainted
    with the Five Advantages, will fail to make the best use
    of his men.

 7. Hence in the wise leader's plans, considerations of
    advantage and of disadvantage will be blended together.

 8. If our expectation of advantage be tempered in
    this way, we may succeed in accomplishing the essential
    part of our schemes.

 9. If, on the other hand, in the midst of difficulties
    we are always ready to seize an advantage, we may extricate
    ourselves from misfortune.

10. Reduce the hostile chiefs by inflicting damage
    on them; and make trouble for them, and keep them
    constantly engaged; hold out specious allurements,
    and make them rush to any given point.

11. The art of war teaches us to rely not on the
    likelihood of the enemy's not coming, but on our own readiness
    to receive him; not on the chance of his not attacking,
    but rather on the fact that we have made our position unassailable.

12. There are five dangerous faults which may affect
    a general:
    (1) Recklessness, which leads to destruction;
    (2) cowardice, which leads to capture;
    (3) a hasty temper, which can be provoked by insults;
    (4) a delicacy of honor which is sensitive to shame;
    (5) over-solicitude for his men, which exposes him
        to worry and trouble.

13. These are the five besetting sins of a general,
    ruinous to the conduct of war.

14. When an army is overthrown and its leader slain,
    the cause will surely be found among these five
    dangerous faults.  Let them be a subject of meditation.


IX.  THE ARMY ON THE MARCH


 1. Sun Tzu said:  We come now to the question of
    encamping the army, and observing signs of the enemy. 
    Pass quickly over mountains, and keep in the neighborhood
    of valleys.

 2. Camp in high places, facing the sun.  Do not climb
    heights in order to fight.  So much for mountain warfare.

 3. After crossing a river, you should get far away
    from it.

 4. When an invading force crosses a river in its
    onward march, do not advance to meet it in mid-stream.
    It will be best to let half the army get across,
    and then deliver your attack.

 5. If you are anxious to fight, you should not go
    to meet the invader near a river which he has to cross.

 6. Moor your craft higher up than the enemy, and facing
    the sun.  Do not move up-stream to meet the enemy. 
    So much for river warfare.

 7. In crossing salt-marshes, your sole concern
    should be to get over them quickly, without any delay.

 8. If forced to fight in a salt-marsh, you should
    have water and grass near you, and get your back
    to a clump of trees.  So much for operations in salt-marches.

 9. In dry, level country, take up an easily accessible
    position with rising ground to your right and on your rear,
    so that the danger may be in front, and safety lie behind. 
    So much for campaigning in flat country.

10. These are the four useful branches of military
    knowledge which enabled the Yellow Emperor to vanquish
    four several sovereigns.

11. All armies prefer high ground to low and sunny
    places to dark.

12. If you are careful of your men, and camp on hard
    ground, the army will be free from disease of every kind,
    and this will spell victory.

13. When you come to a hill or a bank, occupy the
    sunny side, with the slope on your right rear. 
    Thus you will at once act for the benefit of your soldiers
    and utilize the natural advantages of the ground.

14. When, in consequence of heavy rains up-country,
    a river which you wish to ford is swollen and flecked
    with foam, you must wait until it subsides.

15. Country in which there are precipitous cliffs
    with torrents running between, deep natural hollows,
    confined places, tangled thickets, quagmires and crevasses,
    should be left with all possible speed and not approached.

16. While we keep away from such places, we should
    get the enemy to approach them; while we face them,
    we should let the enemy have them on his rear.

17. If in the neighborhood of your camp there should
    be any hilly country, ponds surrounded by aquatic grass,
    hollow basins filled with reeds, or woods with thick
    undergrowth, they must be carefully routed out and searched;
    for these are places where men in ambush or insidious
    spies are likely to be lurking.

18. When the enemy is close at hand and remains quiet,
    he is relying on the natural strength of his position.

19. When he keeps aloof and tries to provoke a battle,
    he is anxious for the other side to advance.

20. If his place of encampment is easy of access,
    he is tendering a bait.

21. Movement amongst the trees of a forest shows that the
    enemy is advancing.  The appearance of a number of screens
    in the midst of thick grass means that the enemy wants to make us suspicious.

22. The rising of birds in their flight is the sign
    of an ambuscade.  Startled beasts indicate that a sudden
    attack is coming.

23. When there is dust rising in a high column,
    it is the sign of chariots advancing; when the dust is low,
    but spread over a wide area, it betokens the approach
    of infantry.  When it branches out in different directions,
    it shows that parties have been sent to collect firewood. 
    A few clouds of dust moving to and fro signify that the army
    is encamping.

24. Humble words and increased preparations are signs
    that the enemy is about to advance.  Violent language
    and driving forward as if to the attack are signs that he
    will retreat.

25. When the light chariots come out first and take
    up a position on the wings, it is a sign that the enemy
    is forming for battle.

26. Peace proposals unaccompanied by a sworn covenant
    indicate a plot.

27. When there is much running about and the soldiers
    fall into rank, it means that the critical moment has come.

28. When some are seen advancing and some retreating,
    it is a lure.

29. When the soldiers stand leaning on their spears,
    they are faint from want of food.

30. If those who are sent to draw water begin
    by drinking themselves, the army is suffering from thirst.

31. If the enemy sees an advantage to be gained and
    makes no effort to secure it, the soldiers are exhausted.

32. If birds gather on any spot, it is unoccupied. 
    Clamor by night betokens nervousness.

33. If there is disturbance in the camp, the general's
    authority is weak.  If the banners and flags are shifted
    about, sedition is afoot.  If the officers are angry,
    it means that the men are weary.

34. When an army feeds its horses with grain and kills
    its cattle for food, and when the men do not hang their
    cooking-pots over the camp-fires, showing that they
    will not return to their tents, you may know that they
    are determined to fight to the death.

35. The sight of men whispering together in small
    knots or speaking in subdued tones points to disaffection
    amongst the rank and file.

36. Too frequent rewards signify that the enemy is
    at the end of his resources; too many punishments betray
    a condition of dire distress.

37. To begin by bluster, but afterwards to take fright
    at the enemy's numbers, shows a supreme lack of intelligence.

38. When envoys are sent with compliments in their mouths,
    it is a sign that the enemy wishes for a truce.

39. If the enemy's troops march up angrily and remain
    facing ours for a long time without either joining
    battle or taking themselves off again, the situation
    is one that demands great vigilance and circumspection.

40. If our troops are no more in number than the enemy,
    that is amply sufficient; it only means that no direct attack
    can be made.  What we can do is simply to concentrate all
    our available strength, keep a close watch on the enemy,
    and obtain reinforcements.

41. He who exercises no forethought but makes light
    of his opponents is sure to be captured by them.

42. If soldiers are punished before they have grown
    attached to you, they will not prove submissive; and,
    unless submissive, then will be practically useless. 
    If, when the soldiers have become attached to you,
    punishments are not enforced, they will still be unless.

43. Therefore soldiers must be treated in the first
    instance with humanity, but kept under control by means
    of iron discipline.  This is a certain road to victory.

44. If in training soldiers commands are habitually
    enforced, the army will be well-disciplined; if not,
    its discipline will be bad.

45. If a general shows confidence in his men but always
    insists on his orders being obeyed, the gain will be mutual.


X. TERRAIN


 1. Sun Tzu said:  We may distinguish six kinds of terrain,
    to wit:  (1) Accessible ground; (2) entangling ground;
    (3) temporizing ground; (4) narrow passes; (5) precipitous
    heights; (6) positions at a great distance from the enemy.

 2. Ground which can be freely traversed by both sides
    is called accessible.

 3. With regard to ground of this nature, be before
    the enemy in occupying the raised and sunny spots,
    and carefully guard your line of supplies.  Then you
    will be able to fight with advantage.

 4. Ground which can be abandoned but is hard
    to re-occupy is called entangling.

 5. From a position of this sort, if the enemy
    is unprepared, you may sally forth and defeat him. 
    But if the enemy is prepared for your coming, and you
    fail to defeat him, then, return being impossible,
    disaster will ensue.

 6. When the position is such that neither side will gain
    by making the first move, it is called temporizing ground.

 7. In a position of this sort, even though the enemy
    should offer us an attractive bait, it will be advisable
    not to stir forth, but rather to retreat, thus enticing
    the enemy in his turn; then, when part of his army has
    come out, we may deliver our attack with advantage.

 8. With regard to narrow passes, if you can occupy
    them first, let them be strongly garrisoned and await
    the advent of the enemy.

 9. Should the army forestall you in occupying a pass,
    do not go after him if the pass is fully garrisoned,
    but only if it is weakly garrisoned.

10. With regard to precipitous heights, if you are
    beforehand with your adversary, you should occupy the
    raised and sunny spots, and there wait for him to come up.

11. If the enemy has occupied them before you,
    do not follow him, but retreat and try to entice him away.

12. If you are situated at a great distance from
    the enemy, and the strength of the two armies is equal,
    it is not easy to provoke a battle, and fighting will be
    to your disadvantage.

13. These six are the principles connected with Earth. 
    The general who has attained a responsible post must be
    careful to study them.

14. Now an army is exposed to six several calamities,
    not arising from natural causes, but from faults
    for which the general is responsible.  These are: 
    (1) Flight; (2) insubordination; (3) collapse; (4) ruin;
    (5) disorganization; (6) rout.

15. Other conditions being equal, if one force is
    hurled against another ten times its size, the result
    will be the flight of the former.

16. When the common soldiers are too strong and
    their officers too weak, the result is insubordination. 
    When the officers are too strong and the common soldiers
    too weak, the result is collapse.

17. When the higher officers are angry and insubordinate,
    and on meeting the enemy give battle on their own account
    from a feeling of resentment, before the commander-in-chief
    can tell whether or no he is in a position to fight,
    the result is ruin.

18. When the general is weak and without authority;
    when his orders are not clear and distinct; when there
    are no fixes duties assigned to officers and men,
    and the ranks are formed in a slovenly haphazard manner,
    the result is utter disorganization.

19. When a general, unable to estimate the enemy's
    strength, allows an inferior force to engage a larger one,
    or hurls a weak detachment against a powerful one,
    and neglects to place picked soldiers in the front rank,
    the result must be rout.

20. These are six ways of courting defeat, which must
    be carefully noted by the general who has attained
    a responsible post.

21. The natural formation of the country is the soldier's
    best ally; but a power of estimating the adversary,
    of controlling the forces of victory, and of shrewdly
    calculating difficulties, dangers and distances,
    constitutes the test of a great general.

22. He who knows these things, and in fighting puts
    his knowledge into practice, will win his battles. 
    He who knows them not, nor practices them, will surely
    be defeated.

23. If fighting is sure to result in victory,
    then you must fight, even though the ruler forbid it;
    if fighting will not result in victory, then you must not
    fight even at the ruler's bidding.

24. The general who advances without coveting fame
    and retreats without fearing disgrace, whose only
    thought is to protect his country and do good service
    for his sovereign, is the jewel of the kingdom.

25. Regard your soldiers as your children, and they
    will follow you into the deepest valleys; look upon them
    as your own beloved sons, and they will stand by you
    even unto death.

26. If, however, you are indulgent, but unable to make
    your authority felt; kind-hearted, but unable to enforce
    your commands; and incapable, moreover, of quelling disorder: 
    then your soldiers must be likened to spoilt children;
    they are useless for any practical purpose.

27. If we know that our own men are in a condition
    to attack, but are unaware that the enemy is not open
    to attack, we have gone only halfway towards victory.

28. If we know that the enemy is open to attack,
    but are unaware that our own men are not in a condition
    to attack, we have gone only halfway towards victory.

29. If we know that the enemy is open to attack,
    and also know that our men are in a condition to attack,
    but are unaware that the nature of the ground makes
    fighting impracticable, we have still gone only halfway
    towards victory.

30. Hence the experienced soldier, once in motion,
    is never bewildered; once he has broken camp, he is never
    at a loss.

31. Hence the saying:  If you know the enemy and
    know yourself, your victory will not stand in doubt;
    if you know Heaven and know Earth, you may make your
    victory complete.


XI. THE NINE SITUATIONS


 1. Sun Tzu said:  The art of war recognizes nine varieties of ground:
    (1) Dispersive ground; (2) facile ground; (3) contentious ground;
    (4) open ground; (5) ground of intersecting highways;
    (6) serious ground; (7) difficult ground; (8) hemmed-in ground;
    (9) desperate ground.

 2. When a chieftain is fighting in his own territory,
    it is dispersive ground.

 3. When he has penetrated into hostile territory,
    but to no great distance, it is facile ground.

 4. Ground the possession of which imports great
    advantage to either side, is contentious ground.

 5. Ground on which each side has liberty of movement
    is open ground.

 6. Ground which forms the key to three contiguous states,
    so that he who occupies it first has most of the Empire
    at his command, is a ground of intersecting highways.

 7. When an army has penetrated into the heart of a
    hostile country, leaving a number of fortified cities
    in its rear, it is serious ground.

 8. Mountain forests, rugged steeps, marshes and fens--all
    country that is hard to traverse:  this is difficult ground.

 9. Ground which is reached through narrow gorges,
    and from which we can only retire by tortuous paths,
    so that a small number of the enemy would suffice to crush
    a large body of our men:  this is hemmed in ground.

10. Ground on which we can only be saved from
    destruction by fighting without delay, is desperate ground.

11. On dispersive ground, therefore, fight not. 
    On facile ground, halt not.  On contentious ground,
    attack not.

12. On open ground, do not try to block the enemy's way. 
    On the ground of intersecting highways, join hands
    with your allies.

13. On serious ground, gather in plunder. 
    In difficult ground, keep steadily on the march.

14. On hemmed-in ground, resort to stratagem. 
    On desperate ground, fight.

15. Those who were called skillful leaders of old knew
    how to drive a wedge between the enemy's front and rear;
    to prevent co-operation between his large and small divisions;
    to hinder the good troops from rescuing the bad,
    the officers from rallying their men.

16. When the enemy's men were united, they managed
    to keep them in disorder.

17. When it was to their advantage, they made
    a forward move; when otherwise, they stopped still.

18. If asked how to cope with a great host of the enemy
    in orderly array and on the point of marching to the attack,
    I should say:  "Begin by seizing something which your
    opponent holds dear; then he will be amenable to your will."

19. Rapidity is the essence of war:  take advantage of
    the enemy's unreadiness, make your way by unexpected routes,
    and attack unguarded spots.

20. The following are the principles to be observed
    by an invading force:  The further you penetrate into
    a country, the greater will be the solidarity of your troops,
    and thus the defenders will not prevail against you.

21. Make forays in fertile country in order to supply
    your army with food.

22. Carefully study the well-being of your men,
    and do not overtax them.  Concentrate your energy and hoard
    your strength.  Keep your army continually on the move,
    and devise unfathomable plans.

23. Throw your soldiers into positions whence there
    is no escape, and they will prefer death to flight. 
    If they will face death, there is nothing they may
    not achieve.  Officers and men alike will put forth
    their uttermost strength.

24. Soldiers when in desperate straits lose
    the sense of fear.  If there is no place of refuge,
    they will stand firm.  If they are in hostile country,
    they will show a stubborn front.  If there is no help
    for it, they will fight hard.

25. Thus, without waiting to be marshaled, the soldiers
    will be constantly on the qui vive; without waiting to
    be asked, they will do your will; without restrictions,
    they will be faithful; without giving orders, they can
    be trusted.

26. Prohibit the taking of omens, and do away with
    superstitious doubts.  Then, until death itself comes,
    no calamity need be feared.

27. If our soldiers are not overburdened with money,
    it is not because they have a distaste for riches;
    if their lives are not unduly long, it is not because they
    are disinclined to longevity.

28. On the day they are ordered out to battle,
    your soldiers may weep, those sitting up bedewing
    their garments, and those lying down letting the tears run
    down their cheeks.  But let them once be brought to bay,
    and they will display the courage of a Chu or a Kuei.

29. The skillful tactician may be likened to the
    shuai-jan. Now the shuai-jan is a snake that is found
    in the ChUng mountains.  Strike at its head, and you
    will be attacked by its tail; strike at its tail, and you
    will be attacked by its head; strike at its middle,
    and you will be attacked by head and tail both.

30. Asked if an army can be made to imitate the shuai-jan,
    I should answer, Yes.  For the men of Wu and the men
    of Yueh are enemies; yet if they are crossing a river
    in the same boat and are caught by a storm, they will come
    to each other's assistance just as the left hand helps the right.

31. Hence it is not enough to put one's trust
    in the tethering of horses, and the burying of chariot
    wheels in the ground

32. The principle on which to manage an army is to set
    up one standard of courage which all must reach.

33. How to make the best of both strong and weak--that
    is a question involving the proper use of ground.

34. Thus the skillful general conducts his army just
    as though he were leading a single man, willy-nilly, by
    the hand.

35. It is the business of a general to be quiet and thus
    ensure secrecy; upright and just, and thus maintain order.

36. He must be able to mystify his officers and men
    by false reports and appearances, and thus keep them
    in total ignorance.

37. By altering his arrangements and changing
    his plans, he keeps the enemy without definite knowledge. 
    By shifting his camp and taking circuitous routes,
    he prevents the enemy from anticipating his purpose.

38. At the critical moment, the leader of an army
    acts like one who has climbed up a height and then kicks
    away the ladder behind him.  He carries his men deep
    into hostile territory before he shows his hand.

39. He burns his boats and breaks his cooking-pots;
    like a shepherd driving a flock of sheep, he drives
    his men this way and that, and nothing knows whither he
    is going.

40. To muster his host and bring it into danger:--this
    may be termed the business of the general.

41. The different measures suited to the nine
    varieties of ground; the expediency of aggressive or
    defensive tactics; and the fundamental laws of human nature: 
    these are things that must most certainly be studied.

42. When invading hostile territory, the general
    principle is, that penetrating deeply brings cohesion;
    penetrating but a short way means dispersion.

43. When you leave your own country behind, and take
    your army across neighborhood territory, you find yourself
    on critical ground.  When there are means of communication
    on all four sides, the ground is one of intersecting highways.

44. When you penetrate deeply into a country, it is
    serious ground.  When you penetrate but a little way,
    it is facile ground.

45. When you have the enemy's strongholds on your rear,
    and narrow passes in front, it is hemmed-in ground. 
    When there is no place of refuge at all, it is desperate ground.

46. Therefore, on dispersive ground, I would inspire
    my men with unity of purpose.  On facile ground, I would
    see that there is close connection between all parts
    of my army.

47. On contentious ground, I would hurry up my rear.

48. On open ground, I would keep a vigilant eye
    on my defenses.  On ground of intersecting highways,
    I would consolidate my alliances.

49. On serious ground, I would try to ensure
    a continuous stream of supplies.  On difficult ground,
    I would keep pushing on along the road.

50. On hemmed-in ground, I would block any way
    of retreat.  On desperate ground, I would proclaim
    to my soldiers the hopelessness of saving their lives.

51. For it is the soldier's disposition to offer
    an obstinate resistance when surrounded, to fight hard
    when he cannot help himself, and to obey promptly when he
    has fallen into danger.

52. We cannot enter into alliance with neighboring
    princes until we are acquainted with their designs.  We are
    not fit to lead an army on the march unless we are familiar
    with the face of the country--its mountains and forests,
    its pitfalls and precipices, its marshes and swamps. 
    We shall be unable to turn natural advantages to account
    unless we make use of local guides.

53. To be ignored of any one of the following four
    or five principles does not befit a warlike prince.

54. When a warlike prince attacks a powerful state,
    his generalship shows itself in preventing the concentration
    of the enemy's forces.  He overawes his opponents,
    and their allies are prevented from joining against him.

55. Hence he does not strive to ally himself with all
    and sundry, nor does he foster the power of other states. 
    He carries out his own secret designs, keeping his
    antagonists in awe.  Thus he is able to capture their
    cities and overthrow their kingdoms.

56. Bestow rewards without regard to rule,
    issue orders without regard to previous arrangements;
    and you will be able to handle a whole army as though
    you had to do with but a single man.

57. Confront your soldiers with the deed itself;
    never let them know your design.  When the outlook is bright,
    bring it before their eyes; but tell them nothing when
    the situation is gloomy.

58. Place your army in deadly peril, and it will survive;
    plunge it into desperate straits, and it will come off
    in safety.

59. For it is precisely when a force has fallen into
    harm's way that is capable of striking a blow for victory.

60. Success in warfare is gained by carefully
    accommodating ourselves to the enemy's purpose.

61. By persistently hanging on the enemy's flank, we shall
    succeed in the long run in killing the commander-in-chief.

62. This is called ability to accomplish a thing
    by sheer cunning.

63. On the day that you take up your command,
    block the frontier passes, destroy the official tallies,
    and stop the passage of all emissaries.

64. Be stern in the council-chamber, so that you
    may control the situation.

65. If the enemy leaves a door open, you must rush in.

66. Forestall your opponent by seizing what he holds dear,
    and subtly contrive to time his arrival on the ground.

67. Walk in the path defined by rule, and accommodate
    yourself to the enemy until you can fight a decisive battle.

68. At first, then, exhibit the coyness of a maiden,
    until the enemy gives you an opening; afterwards emulate
    the rapidity of a running hare, and it will be too late
    for the enemy to oppose you.


XII. THE ATTACK BY FIRE


 1. Sun Tzu said:  There are five ways of attacking
    with fire.  The first is to burn soldiers in their camp;
    the second is to burn stores; the third is to burn
    baggage trains; the fourth is to burn arsenals and magazines;
    the fifth is to hurl dropping fire amongst the enemy.

 2. In order to carry out an attack, we must have
    means available.  The material for raising fire should
    always be kept in readiness.

 3. There is a proper season for making attacks with fire,
    and special days for starting a conflagration.

 4. The proper season is when the weather is very dry;
    the special days are those when the moon is in the
    constellations of the Sieve, the Wall, the Wing
    or the Cross-bar; for these four are all days of rising wind.

 5. In attacking with fire, one should be prepared
    to meet five possible developments:

 6. (1) When fire breaks out inside to enemy's camp,
    respond at once with an attack from without.

 7. (2) If there is an outbreak of fire, but the enemy's
    soldiers remain quiet, bide your time and do not attack.

 8. (3) When the force of the flames has reached its height,
    follow it up with an attack, if that is practicable;
    if not, stay where you are.

 9. (4) If it is possible to make an assault with fire
    from without, do not wait for it to break out within,
    but deliver your attack at a favorable moment.

10. (5) When you start a fire, be to windward of it. 
    Do not attack from the leeward.

11. A wind that rises in the daytime lasts long,
    but a night breeze soon falls.

12. In every army, the five developments connected with
    fire must be known, the movements of the stars calculated,
    and a watch kept for the proper days.

13. Hence those who use fire as an aid to the attack show intelligence;
    those who use water as an aid to the attack gain an accession of strength.

14. By means of water, an enemy may be intercepted,
    but not robbed of all his belongings.

15. Unhappy is the fate of one who tries to win his
    battles and succeed in his attacks without cultivating
    the spirit of enterprise; for the result is waste of time
    and general stagnation.

16. Hence the saying:  The enlightened ruler lays his
    plans well ahead; the good general cultivates his resources.

17. Move not unless you see an advantage; use not
    your troops unless there is something to be gained;
    fight not unless the position is critical.

18. No ruler should put troops into the field merely
    to gratify his own spleen; no general should fight
    a battle simply out of pique.

19. If it is to your advantage, make a forward move;
    if not, stay where you are.

20. Anger may in time change to gladness; vexation may
    be succeeded by content.

21. But a kingdom that has once been destroyed can
    never come again into being; nor can the dead ever
    be brought back to life.

22. Hence the enlightened ruler is heedful,
    and the good general full of caution.  This is the way
    to keep a country at peace and an army intact.


XIII. THE USE OF SPIES


 1. Sun Tzu said:  Raising a host of a hundred thousand
    men and marching them great distances entails heavy loss
    on the people and a drain on the resources of the State. 
    The daily expenditure will amount to a thousand ounces
    of silver.  There will be commotion at home and abroad,
    and men will drop down exhausted on the highways. 
    As many as seven hundred thousand families will be impeded
    in their labor.

 2. Hostile armies may face each other for years,
    striving for the victory which is decided in a single day. 
    This being so, to remain in ignorance of the enemy's
    condition simply because one grudges the outlay of a hundred
    ounces of silver in honors and emoluments, is the height
    of inhumanity.

 3. One who acts thus is no leader of men, no present
    help to his sovereign, no master of victory.

 4. Thus, what enables the wise sovereign and the good
    general to strike and conquer, and achieve things beyond
    the reach of ordinary men, is foreknowledge.

 5. Now this foreknowledge cannot be elicited from spirits;
    it cannot be obtained inductively from experience,
    nor by any deductive calculation.

 6. Knowledge of the enemy's dispositions can only
    be obtained from other men.

 7. Hence the use of spies, of whom there are five classes: 
    (1) Local spies; (2) inward spies; (3) converted spies;
    (4) doomed spies; (5) surviving spies.

 8. When these five kinds of spy are all at work,
    none can discover the secret system.  This is called "divine
    manipulation of the threads."  It is the sovereign's
    most precious faculty.

 9. Having local spies means employing the services
    of the inhabitants of a district.

10. Having inward spies, making use of officials
    of the enemy.

11. Having converted spies, getting hold of the enemy's
    spies and using them for our own purposes.

12. Having doomed spies, doing certain things openly
    for purposes of deception, and allowing our spies to know
    of them and report them to the enemy.

13. Surviving spies, finally, are those who bring
    back news from the enemy's camp.

14. Hence it is that which none in the whole army are
    more intimate relations to be maintained than with spies. 
    None should be more liberally rewarded.  In no other
    business should greater secrecy be preserved.

15. Spies cannot be usefully employed without a certain
    intuitive sagacity.

16. They cannot be properly managed without benevolence
    and straightforwardness.

17. Without subtle ingenuity of mind, one cannot make
    certain of the truth of their reports.

18. Be subtle! be subtle! and use your spies for every
    kind of business.

19. If a secret piece of news is divulged by a spy
    before the time is ripe, he must be put to death together
    with the man to whom the secret was told.

20. Whether the object be to crush an army, to storm
    a city, or to assassinate an individual, it is always
    necessary to begin by finding out the names of the attendants,
    the aides-de-camp, and door-keepers and sentries of the general
    in command.  Our spies must be commissioned to ascertain these.

21. The enemy's spies who have come to spy on us
    must be sought out, tempted with bribes, led away and
    comfortably housed.  Thus they will become converted
    spies and available for our service.

22. It is through the information brought by the
    converted spy that we are able to acquire and employ
    local and inward spies.

23. It is owing to his information, again, that we can
    cause the doomed spy to carry false tidings to the enemy.

24. Lastly, it is by his information that the surviving
    spy can be used on appointed occasions.

25. The end and aim of spying in all its five varieties
    is knowledge of the enemy; and this knowledge can only
    be derived, in the first instance, from the converted spy. 
    Hence it is essential that the converted spy be treated
    with the utmost liberality.

26. Of old, the rise of the Yin dynasty was due to I
    Chih who had served under the Hsia.  Likewise, the rise
    of the Chou dynasty was due to Lu Ya who had served
    under the Yin.

27. Hence it is only the enlightened ruler and the
    wise general who will use the highest intelligence of
    the army for purposes of spying and thereby they achieve
    great results.  Spies are a most important element in water,
    because on them depends an army's ability to move.


[END - Sun Tzu on the Art of War, text-only]



An atheist was taking a walk through the woods, admiring all that the
accident of evolution had created.

"What majestic trees! What powerful rivers! What beautiful animals!" he
said to himself. As he walked alongside the river he heard a rustling
in the bushes behind him.

He turned to look.

A 7-foot grizzly was charging towards him. He ran as fast as he could
up the path. He looked over his shoulder and the bear was closing in.
He ran even faster, so scared that tears were coming to his eyes. He
looked over his shoulder, and the bear was even closer. His heart
pumped frantically and he tried to run even faster. He tripped and fell
on the ground.

He rolled over to pick himself up and the bear, right on top of him,
reached for him with his left paw and raising his right paw to strike
him.

At that instant the Atheist cried out "Oh my God! ... "
Time stopped.
The bear froze.
The forest was silent.
Even the river stopped moving.

As a bright light shone upon the man, a voice came out of the sky: "You
deny my existence for all of these years, teach others I don't exist,
and even credit creation to a cosmic accident. Do you expect me to help
you out of this predicament? Am I to count you as a believer?"

The atheist looked directly into the light: "It would be hypocritical
to ask to be a Christian after all these years, but perhaps could you
make the bear a Christian?"

"Very well," said the voice.
The light went out.
The river ran again.
And the sounds of the forest resumed.

The bear dropped his right paw ... brought both paws together ... bowed
his head: "Lord, for this food which I am about to receive, I am truly
thankful."

On Fri, 21 Jun 1996 12:14:23 GMT, in netcom.shell.general you wrote, and
I quote:

:Here's about the most stupid post I can make. . .
:
:"Please send me something rude."
:
:Seriously, can someone who has that wonderful ASCII art of the dual
:flip-off please send it to me?  You know, the one with the really *large*
:hands?  I just can't live without it!!!

Here ya go.  Standby for another. :)


                          _                         _
                         |_|                       |_|
                         | |         /^^^\         | |
                        _| |_      (| "o" |)      _| |_
                      _| | | | _    (_---_)    _ | | | |_
                     | | | | |' |    _| |_    | `| | | | |
                     |          |   /     \   |          |
                      \        /  / /(. .)\ \  \        /
                        \    /  / /  | . |  \ \  \    /
                          \  \/ /    ||Y||    \ \/  /
                           \__/      || ||      \__/
                                     () ()
                                     || ||
                                    ooO Ooo



-- 

          All Rights Reserved To Post Flame Email
Ty
     "Pain validates life."   Tudor Williams (1941 -   )
On Fri, 21 Jun 1996 12:14:23 GMT, in netcom.shell.general you wrote, and
I quote:

:Here's about the most stupid post I can make. . .
:
:"Please send me something rude."
:
:Seriously, can someone who has that wonderful ASCII art of the dual
:flip-off please send it to me?  You know, the one with the really *large*
:hands?  I just can't live without it!!!

Here is something a bit different. :)


                                          )
                                         ((
                                   _,,---.)\__
                                 ,'.          ""`.
                                f.:               \
                             ,-.|:  ,-.       ,-.  Y-.
                     ,-.    f , \. /:  \   . /     | j
                    f.  Y   `.`.       _`. ,'_     |f
                    |:  |     ) )      "`    "`    |'
                    l:. l    ( '          --.      j
                     Y:  Y_,--.Y:         __      (
                  ,-.|  ,'.::..):..    ,'"-'Y.     Y
                 f:.           \ ::.  '"'`--`      j
                 j::            Y-.__        __,,-'___
                f;\::.          |    ``""""''__(""'_,.`--.   ,--.
                l:::::...       j--.       ,'.. `"'       Y-'.:::)
                 `-..::::::_,,-'   :).     `--'(::..     ,j..::--(
                     f`"""'.  .  )-(:.      .:::`---\:.-'Y;:::::::Y
                     j:::::::::..   Y:        ..:::::`;_,;;;::::::j
                    f::;;;;;::::::. j:           ...::::\;;:::_,,'
                    l;;::::::::: _,;:       (.,     .....Y::."\
                     Y;;;::::_,-';::..                   |:::. Y
                     l;;;;;:::`-;;;::....                j;;::.|
                      `;;;;;;;;;:);;;;:::::...          /\;;;;:j
                        "`------'-.;;;;::::::::...._,-'"  `---'
                                    ``"""""""""""''
                                -=> Philip Kaulfuss <=-


-- 

          All Rights Reserved To Post Flame Email
Ty
     "Pain validates life."   Tudor Williams (1941 -   )


From 1rodney@geocities.com Thu Oct 30 20:15:51 1997
Date: Sun, 26 Oct 1997 06:31:06 -0800
From: Joke List <1rodney@geocities.com>
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes
Subject: Ass-icons

We all know those cute little computer symbols called "emotions," where  
:)
means a smile and :( is a frown.  Sometimes these are represented by :-)
and :-( respectively. Well, how about some "ass icons?"
Here goes...

       (_!_)      a regular "nice" ass

       (__!__)    a large ass

       (!)        a tight ass

       (_._)      a flat ass

       (_^_)      a bubbly ass

       (_*_)      a sore ass

       (_!__)     a lop-sided ass

       {_!_}       a squishy ass

       (_o_)      an ass that's been around

       (_O_)     and more...

       (_x_)     kiss my ass

       (_X_)     "Get off my ass."

       (_zzz_)    a tired ass

       (_o^o_)   a wise ass

       (_13_)     an unlucky ass

       (_?_)   dumb ass
-- 
Rodney And Cathy's Joke List
To subscribe go to:
http://www.geocities.com/hollywood/3821/jokepage.html
or e-mail: 1rodney@geocities.com with the words "subscribe joke list"
in the SUBJECT line of the message.


========
Path: Supernews69!supernews.com!uunet!in1.uu.net!155.229.2.176!metro.atlanta.com!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!cpk-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.bbnplanet.com!dispatch.news.demon.net!demon!xanthim.demon.co.uk!not-for-mail
From: jonH@xanthim.demon.co.uk (Jon Hartley)
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes,alt.tasteless
Subject: Re: THE ALT.TASTELESS THEME SONG!!!!
Date: Sat, 05 Jul 1997 19:12:53 GMT
Message-ID: <33be9951.130662@news.demon.co.uk>
References: <01bc87f7$213c40c0$754a07c4@monster>
NNTP-Posting-Host: xanthim.demon.co.uk
X-NNTP-Posting-Host: xanthim.demon.co.uk [158.152.12.191]
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.0/32.390
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 182
Xref: Supernews69 alt.tasteless.jokes:166634 alt.tasteless:129728

On 3 Jul 1997 21:20:28 GMT, "AndrewBk" <Rodbk@iafrica.com> wrote:

>Come guys, some of you out there must have the theme song (The one that
>ryhms to "My Favorite Things" from the Sound of Music)
>Either repost it or email it to me at rodbk@iafrica.com

This is off topic, it's definitely tasteless, but too serious for
a.t.j.  Should be on a.t. where this message is x-posted.  Please trim
your headers and post follow-ups in alt.tasteless.

For some time I have been searching the net fot this to no avail.  So,
since someone else remembers it,  here's some of it!  I expect to get
a lot of additional verses because this has cost me a lot of pain! (a)
from retyping it from an old hardcopy and (b) from having a good
laugh.  The fucker gets archived from now on!

 If the typing is inacurate or you don't like the piss-poor Brit
spelling and doubtful punctuation, well fuck you!


The official alt.tasteless theme song

Credit: Crunchy Frog

Boogers and squicking and really gross habits,
Taking lawn mowers and running down rabbits,
Grinding a few slugs to death 'neath my boots.
These are a few of my favourite pursuits.

Photos of faeces and samples of farting.
The sight of the squeamish folks quickly departing.
Castrating yourself with a small loop of string.
These are the things that alt.tastless will bring.

When I piss blood, when I blow chucks
When I'm feeling sad...
I simply tune in to a certain newsgroup,
And I don't feel so bad.

Fucking cadavers and licking their snatches,
Burning your gonads with several matches.
"I like to blow sheepdogs.  Please, am I okay?"
Alt.tasteless provides this for free every day!

If it's nasty and unpleasant
If it's really vile...
It can be found here, on this humble news group
(We just like to make you smile).

Credit: Steve Monson

Dicks that are stolen and placed in girls' handbags,
Feco-stalagmites and crusty old snotrags,
Kittens by motorbikes ground to a paste,
All evoke images too good to waste.

Super-glued condoms with ground glass and fish hooks,
Flatulent recipes, new road kill cookbooks,
Ovine pudenda with mucus bedewed:
These are our stories, both tasteless and rude!

When my fiends say "That's disgusting"!
I know right away,
The folks in this newsgroup won't turn me away.
Alt.tasteless, you make my day!

Credit:  Kevin Skelm

Peeled babies sucked dry by thousands of leeches,
AIDS-ridden garbage on North Eastern beaches,
Suck fuckers piercing their dicks with steel rings...
These are a few of my favourite things!

Credit:  Richard Barry Ling

Toilet bowls clogged up with soft slimly faeces,
Guys giving head jobs to various species,
Dead cats on roadsides, to name but a few - 
These are the things that make me want to spew!

Bubbling loogies of curling green mucus,
Stories of vomitors, retchers and pukers,
Chickens all trussed up with tape round their wings - 
These are a few of my favourite things!

Big balls of snot roasting slowly on spits,
Blood and pus oozing like toothpaste from zits,
Mould filled vaginas and foetus dissection
These are the things that give me an erection!

Old dried up earthworms lying rotting in drains,
Rat's heads exploding when attached to the mains.
Six metre stalactites made from dried crap - 
Please pass a bucket, I'm about to throw up...

Hawks ripping rabbits to shreds with their talons.
Fat slags with pussies that hold seven gallons.
Dark hairy armpits and hot blowfly soup -
Such are the thighs that you'll read in this group.

Farts which just make the tears flow from your eyes,
Tits which hang right down to cellulite thighs,
Open heart surgery, digs cut in half -
Now please excuse me, I'm going to barf.

Credit:  Dave Rhubhymen

Squicking new-born babies with my beastly penis,
Blood sucking bastards with huge genital penis's,
Posting great GIF's of females with dicks,
These are a few of my favourite things!

Credit:  Danniel J. Blumenfeld

Stories about pets eating shards of ground glass,
Sticking explosives up a cat's inflamed arse.
Recipes for chunky cream of shit stew.
Delivered from a.t. directly to you.

Dining on road-kill from wide studded tyres,
Burning the genitals with Nichrome wires,
Condensing one's farts with liquid nitrogen.
Posted on a.t. again and again.

How to make head cheese with two-week old jism,
Tasteless jokes made at and cataclysm,
Death of small children in hilarious ways.
You could read a.t. endlessly for days.

Fermented stench of yeast-infected pussies,
Green slimly turdlets from baby's raw tushies,
Talk of bodily fluids incredibly vile.
It's better than sex, so read a.t. awhile.

Giving enemas made with chilli powder,
The etiquette of serving chilled maggot chowder.
Comments and critiques amuse and appal,
This forum of tastelessness will reveal all.

Mutilating scrota of yapping poodles,
Baking used tampons into cherry strudels,
Porking pus-filled eyes of the dead.
Reading A.t. is like getting good head.

When you want to
Be so sickened
That you'll need to hurl.
Just tap into a.t. and read all the posts, and experience gross-out
world

Credit:  Phineas Narco

Bright copper kettles and warm woollen mittens,
Disembowelled babies and dismembered kittens,
Brown paper letter bombs tied up with string,
These are a few of my favourite things.

Girls with white dresses with blue satin sashes,
I love to whip them with long leather lashes.
Serial killers who do nasty things,
These are a few of my favourite things.

Priests, nuns and school girls cut up in pieces,
Car crashes, throat slashes, deadly diseases,
Overturned cop cars and needles that sting.
These are a few of my favourite things.

When I', bored and feeling rotten,
When I'm feeling sad,
I think of a few of my favourite things
And then I go completely mad!

Credit:  Geoff Miller


When I get the leisure, I will retype the alternative a.t. theme song
which runs to the tune of 'Things that remind me of you'.    AND.....
the Tasteless Alphabet for Kids.


--
Jon Hartley

From nf-nt-smi.!news1.jaring.my!news2.jaring.my!uunet!in3.uu.net!206.229.87.25!news-peer.sprintlink.net!news.sprintlink.net!Sprint!EU.net!sun4nl!Leiden.NL.net!Zwolle.NL.net!Utrecht.NL.net!knoware.nl!usenet Wed May 14 12:47:34 1997
Path: nf-nt-smi.!news1.jaring.my!news2.jaring.my!uunet!in3.uu.net!206.229.87.25!news-peer.sprintlink.net!news.sprintlink.net!Sprint!EU.net!sun4nl!Leiden.NL.net!Zwolle.NL.net!Utrecht.NL.net!knoware.nl!usenet
From: Jeroen van Kessel <jvkessel@knoware.NOSPAM.nl>
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes
Subject: alt.tasteless.jokes FAQ (1/1)
Date: Sun, 11 May 1997 16:55:24 +0200
Organization: PELLETS 'R' US
Lines: 325
Message-ID: <3375DDDC.5269CD80@knoware.NOSPAM.nl>
Reply-To: Jeroen van Kessel <jvkessel@knoware.nl>
NNTP-Posting-Host: huisie-ppp2.knoware.nl
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.0b3 [en] (Win95; I)
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)

[Alt.Tasteless.Jokes FAQ]
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Version 4.6

Posting Frequency: Every Week
Last-modified: April 29 1997
Maintained by Jeroen van Kessel (jvkessel@knoware.nl)
Formerly maintained by Dave Pease (dpease@c-prompt-sd.com)
HTML by Steven Willoughby (oracle@synapse.net)

Changes: new objoke

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. Introduction

Greetings and welcome to what used to be the funniest place on the
Internet. Unfortunately, through lack of proper use atj is not what it
used
to be. Please read this FAQ if you are a newcomer to the group or if you
think it's okay to flame (racists, England, Minnesota, USA, Joe Kohn,
John
Griffin, etc.) without writing a joke.

If you don't feel like reading this entire faq, please remember the
following statement:

*** DON'T POST TO THE NEWSGROUP WITHOUT INCLUDING A JOKE ***

As long as you always abide by this, and others do the same, this
newsgroup
will be a much more rewarding endeavor for everyone.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

2. Table of Contents

     1. Introduction

     2. Table of Contents

     3. Safe Use of atj - a note for newbies

     4. Frequently Asked Questions

     5. Other resources

     6. Conclusion

     7. objoke

     8. Take me to the alt.tasteless.jokes newsgroup

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

3. Safe Use of atj - a note for newbies

So you are a new participant in this newsgroup, eh? Well, I hope you
have
your asbestos suit handy--because, regardless of what folks say, atj is
a
mine field for new members. The people who read this group are not very
patient with silly mistakes, and are not very restrained in going about
flaming them. This place is not for the weak of spirit...

That being said, if you go over this FAQ carefully, your chances of
posting
unburned will be significantly higher. And just remember: if there's one
thing this newsgroup needs, it's new blood, newbies with new jokes. So,
regardless of the result, if you are posting new material to atj, your
work
will be appreciated by the (probably silent) majority.

Good luck.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

4. Frequently Asked Questions

Q: Hi. I don't want to read this whole long faq. Got any quick advice
for
me?

A: Yes. Don't post anything to this newsgroup without including a
tasteless
joke along with it. That's the most important thing I can tell you.

Q: I see the description of this newsgroup is "sometimes disgusting
rather
than tasteless or funny." Does that mean it's proper to post stuff that
is
just plain disgusting, even if it's not funny?

A: No. The description was written that way because too many folks post
useless junk instead of tasteless jokes. If everyone posted appropriate
material to this newsgroup, that description would no longer apply.
Let's
all work towards this end. Please post only tasteless jokes here.

Q: Hi, I'm not interested in what this group's about, I'm just testing
my
news gateway here, sorry about that, only be a minute-

A: There are places for testing your net connection. This is not one of
them. Neither is any other newsgroup not named alt.test. Please take
your
tests there.

Q: Hey, I found this *great* document entitled "MAKE MONEY FAST" written
by
this visionary named Dave Rhodes that I'd like to show to all you guys-

A: Please don't. MAKE MONEY FAST (as well as it's many derivatives such
as
QUICKCASH!!!) are shams and are guaranteed to make everyone on the net
hate
you. It is unlikely to make you any money, the whole process is of
dubious
legality, and Dave Rhodes is in jail.

Q: I like humor, but I don't want to be offended. Is alt.tasteless.jokes
for me?

A: No. Why don't you go to rec.humor.funny (a moderated newsgroup
guaranteed to be unoffensive) or rec.funny (which is probably a safer
bet
for the thin-skinned)?

Q: I saw a joke that I liked, and I have a somewhat related joke that I
would like to post under the same thread. How should I go about doing
this?

A: Just go about your business using common sense. If it was a long
story
joke that you read, and you want to post a joke relating to it, you
probably do not need to copy the whole joke into your reply. This is
especially inappropriate if you post a one-liner after a five paragraph
story joke. This wastes time, wastes money, and is generally a good way
to
get yourself flamed.

Q: I saw a joke that I liked. I'd like to tell the poster so. What is
the
accepted way of doing this?

A: It's always better to do these things via email. Consider that the
person who you wish to congratulate might not get on this newsgroup very
often, and consider that most of the other people around here probably
are
not very interested in what you have to say, and the best course of
action
should be clear to you.

Q: I saw a joke that just was not funny. It bothered me because it made
reference to (Hitler, Jews, whites, blacks, homosexuals, etc.) in a
desparaging manner. What can I do about this?

A: Good question. A general rule of thumb in this situation is that no
one
cares what you think. If you post to the net with a flame of this joke,
you
waste bandwidth and all you are doing is pissing other people off. If a
joke is not funny, just let it die in peace. If you have a good sense of
humor, and have correctly gauged the joke's value, it will disappear
quickly. If not, you, and not the poster, may be the one with the
problem.

Q: That's not good enough. I want to let this person know that I do not
appreciate the joke and possibly shame him/her into refraining from
posting
in the future. What do I do now?

A: It's always good to have such dedication on this group - keeps us
strong. If you feel the need to flame the poster of this joke, by all
means
do it. Hey, it's a free world, right? But bandwidth is very expensive so
if
you need to flame please do it by email if at all possible.

Q: It's not possible. I want to tell the world what I think. I'm posting
on
the net and if you don't like it then screw off, okay?

A: I was afraid it would get to this point. If you need to post a flame
for
everyone to see and appreciate (and I have seen some flames that qualify
as
being meterial that I appreciate) then post a joke with it. That's what
the
'objoke' means on all of these posts around here. Were this newsgroup
used
correctly there would be at least one joke in every post. So if you've
got
a complaint that you want the world to hear, include a joke that you
want
the world to hear and you will be much more appreciated.

Q: Okay, how about this (Zeke, bigtex, et. al.) guy? He really pisses me
off every time he posts - and he posts a lot. How do I get him to stop?
Flame every one of his posts?

A: It's called a killfile. Look into it.

Q: I saw a joke that was very insensitive to the struggles of (insert
minority here). Isn't that illegal?

A: Look. Can you read the name of this group? Here, let me help you -
alt.tasteless.jokes. When you read a joke about blacks, or chicanos, or
mathematicians, what you are reading is the epitome of tastelessness,
i.e.
judging a group of people based on stereotypes. My advice to you would
be
deal with it. I guarantee that for every one of you who is offended, a
bunch of tasteless people found the joke very funny. So shut yer yap. I
have seen many a joke that I should have found offensive because they
dealt
with white folks. But Whitey jokes do not bother me at all because I
don't
take this newsgroup too seriously like some other people seem to.
Remember
who you are dealing with here: not alt.sensitivity, alt.save.the.earth,
alt.save.the.whales., or alt.inner.child. The people who post here are
often crude, obnoxious and unpresentable in public. Hence the term
tasteless in the newsgroup title. If you are offended by a joke then
perhaps you are in the wrong place.

And no, it's not illegal to post such a joke.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

5. Other resources

A. Humor newsgroups

   * alt.humor.best-of-usenet - The funniest posts from all over the
     usenet.
   * alt.humor.puns - If you find such things funny...
   * rec.humor.funny - A moderated newsgroup. Tame.
   * rec.humor - Less caustic than atj.
   * talk.bizarre - Funny-peculiar stuff.

B. Tasteless newsgroups

   * alt.tasteless - The drainage culvert below the information
     superhighway.
   * alt.tasteless.penis - I haven't got a clue and I probably am better
     off that way...
   * alt.binaries.pictures.tasteless - Stomach-turning binary posts.

C. Flame newsgroups

   * alt.flame - If you'd like to generically piss someone off for no
good
     reason, atj is *not* the best place to do it. In alt.flame, they
like
     this type of thing. Get off on it or something. Whatever. In any
case,
     please post your basic flames here, and not in atj.
   * alt.nuke.europe - If you've got a problem with England, this is a
     *great* place to check out.
   * alt.nuke.the.USA - If you've got a problem with the United States,
     this is a *great* place to check out.

D. Web sites

See the Humor HOTList for other WWW sites.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

6. Conclusion

If you have anything to add or subtract, mail me at jvkessel@knoware.nl.

(you don't even need to have a joke in your message as long as it's not
posted.) If you want to flame me (or anyone) by mail, please do so. If
you
want to flame me (or anyone) in the newsgroup please include an objoke
when
you do so.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

7. objoke

These four gents go out to play golf one sunny morning. One is detained
in
the clubhouse, and the other three are discussing their children while
walking to the first tee.

My son," says one, "has made quite a name for himself in the
home-building
industry. He began as a carpenter, but now owns his own design and
construction firm. He's so successful in fact, in the last year he was
able
to give a good friend a brand new home as a gift."

The second man, not to be outdone, allows how his son began his career
as a
car salesman, but now owns a multi-line dealership. He's so successful,
in
fact, in the last six months he gave a friend two brand new cars as a
gift."

The third man's son has worked his way up through a stock brokerage and
in
the last few weeks has given a good friend a large stock portfolio as a
gift.

As the fourth man arrives at the tee box, another tells him that they
have
been discussing their progeny and asks what line his son is in. "To tell
the truth, I'm not very pleased with how my son has turned out, he
replies.
"For fifteen years, he's been a hairdresser, and I've just recently
discovered he's a practicing homosexual. But, on the bright side, he
must
be good at what he does because his last three boyfriends have given him
a
brand new house, two cars, and a big pile of stock certificates."

8. Take me to the alt.tasteless.jokes newsgroup 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------



========
Newsgroups: talk.bizarre
Subject: A very long rant
From: anne@panix.com (Annie)
Date: 19 May 1997 17:12:10 -0400

What it feels like to have dog shit crammed down your throat.

Once upon a time I had an ATM card from Chase Manhattan Bank. But then 
Chase, without consulting me, sent me a _new_ and _better_ card: an ATM 
card disguised as a MasterCard credit card! A debit card! Yes!

No!

I don't want a debit card. I don't need a debit card. My credit rating benefits
Not At All from a fake credit card. I have perfectly good credit cards. JUST 
GIVE ME MY DAMN ATM BANK CARD WITH NO OTHER LOGOS ON IT, PLEASE. Please.

So I just ignored the card, cut it up, threw it away, continued to use my 
"classic" ATM card. So did James.

But! Because we did not call up and activate and then cancel the debit card, 
thus marking our account as one preferring to receive the "classic" card at 
renewal time--at renewal time, when our cards expired, WE RECEIVED 
NO CARD AT ALL. What a great system!

So I called. I bitched. They said, gee, you should have called and 
activated/canceled that debit card, then you would have automatically gotten 
your classic card on time. Here, let us fix your account, they said. Now 
we'll send you a new classic card, and henceforth (they said) you will only 
receive classic cards at renewal time.

Well, when hubby's card expired he had to go through the same hoops to get 
his new classic card. But here's the twist: when *I* canceled/renewed my 
card, his portion of the account remained untouched (he would have to call 
up himself). But when _he_ canceled/renewed _his_ card, why golly 
gee! The teller decided that MY CARD ought to be canceled and renewed 
again too! After all, hubby IS a MAN. Never mind that *I* am the primary 
account holder and he the joint holder. Oh no! If the husband cancels his 
card--the little wifey gets zapped too! This would not have been as deeply 
humiliating, but I was on vacation at the time, with Nina. Yes, that's right. 
I was 7.5 hours from home with an 11.5 week old child and cut off from my 
bank account.

Brilliant.

So I called. I bitched. It was a very long conversation, and I spoke with a 
Manager. They said, gee, we don't know how that happened. But hey, a 
new card is being mailed to you! But I'm not at home you morons! I yelled. 
Well, okay. Go to your nearest branch and pick up a *temporary* card. In 
the meantime, (they said), we'll cancel that card that's in the mail to you 
(we have to, in order to issue a temporary!!) and mail another one! Why, I 
said, can't you just REACTIVATE the card I have? We're talking a 
KEYSTROKE here, folks, I said. No, no! they said. It just can't be done. 
Security reasons, y'know. Security my white zitty butt. Bad programming 
is more like it.

I went to the nearest branch. I requested a temporary card. The bank 
manager called up my information on her computer. Oh, you lost your card? 
she said. NO, I panted, it was CANCELED in SEXIST ERROR. Oh, she 
said. It says here in the system that you lost it. This, after a twenty-
minute, manager-involved call. Well, I'll be dipped in shit, I muttered 
under my breath. And I took my temporary card and skedaddled.

Back home from vacation, I cut up my first new classic ATM card. I cut up 
the second classic card. I cut up the temporary card. And I put the third-
issued classic card in my wallet (after determining that it indeed worked). I 
thought perhaps it would all end there.

But no.

Today, in the mail.

A MasterCard ATM card, in my name, with a sticker on it--Call To Activate!

Aie.

So I called. I bitched.  I said, I'm on my fourth ATM card in a month. What 
about this scenario still isn't clear to you folks? What do I have to do? 
Well, they said, you have to activate/cancel the MasterCard card. But, I said, 
won't that deactivate my current NEW classic card? Oh, yes, they said. 
That's how it works. Then we'll send you a new classic ATM card in the 
mail......

I've had nicer recurring nightmares than this.

What, I said, is to prevent you from sending me another one of these 
damned debit cards in the future? Well, they said, once you order a classic 
card, your account will be marked as such, and you will only receive classic 
cards in the future.

Now, where have I heard THAT ONE before?

Walter V. Shipley
CEO
270 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10017

That's his name. That's his address. Until today, I wasn't going to send 
him a letter. Really, I wasn't. I was going to let bygones be bygones. But 
now? Oh Ho!

Annie



   A SHORT HISTORY OF THE AFL
   --------------------------

The game of Aussie Rules was first played in 1858 by two of the private schools
in Melbourne. The original game consisted of 40 players and the field was 1 mile
long. The first to score won the match. Of course this took too long so the game
was quickly refined to something very similar to today's game. In 1859 the first
club game took place between the Geelong and Melbourne football clubs. Then most
clubs were run on a voluntary committee basis, or as a club for people to join
as they please. Now most of the clubs are companies and shares can be purchased
in each team. There is no real private ownership here (it was tried but it
failed as it is not really profitable).

Anyway, after this first games other clubs were formed from various regions
close to Melbourne. Originally these clubs were offshoots from cricket clubs and
the game was used to keep cricketers fit during the winter months. Some of the
teams that were formed in those early days were:
        Carlton (formed 1864)
        Collingwood (1892)
        Essendon (1873)
        Fitzroy (1884)
        Geelong (1859)
        Melbourne (1858)
        South Melbourne (1874) (now the Sydney Swans)
        St. Kilda (1873)

In 1877 most of these teams as well as others from around Melbourne formed an
association called the Victorian Footbal Association (VFA). This association
still exists today but it is of a lower standard than the AFL. By 1896 the
management of the VFA was becoming autocratic and so Collingwood, Essendon,
Fitzroy, Geelong, Melbourne, and South Melbourne met in 1896 and decided to form
a breakaway league called the Victorian Football League (VFL). They also invited
Carlton and St.Kilda (as they were the richest clubs). In 1897 the VFL first
played its games. The first premiership was won by Essendon. St.Kilda finally
won its first game in Round 1, 1900 after 48 consecutive losses (I told you they
were only there because they were rich).

    Premierships (1897-1907):
    ------------------------
    1897 Essendon   (no grand final)
    1898 Fitzroy        (38)  d. Essendon        (23)
    1899 Fitzroy        (27)  d. South Melbourne (26)
    1900 Melbourne      (34)  d. Fitzroy         (30)
    1901 Essendon       (43)  d. Collingwood     (16)
    1902 Collingwood    (60)  d. Essendon        (27)
    1903 Collingwood    (31)  d. Fitzroy         (29)
    1904 Fitzroy        (61)  d. Carlton         (37)
    1905 Fitzroy        (72)  d. Carlton         (45)
    1906 Carlton        (94)  d. Fitzroy         (45)
    1907 Carlton        (50)  d. South Melbourne (45)

The VFL had grown greatly in its first years. From only 3000 people watching
the first finals matches, the crowds had grown to 45000 watching the 1907 grand
final. As such there was pressure for more games to be played. More teams had
to be admitted so the league took applications from clubs. In 1908 University
(formed 1866 from Melboure University) and Richmond (1885) joined. North
Melbourne was told to wait for another place to open (in 17 years time).

    Premierships (1908-1914):
    ------------------------
    1908 Carlton        (35)  d. Essendon        (26)
    1909 South Melbourne(38)  d. Carlton         (36)
    1910 Collingwood    (61)  d. Carlton         (47)
    1911 Essendon       (41)  d. Collingwood     (35)
    1912 Essendon       (47)  d. South Melbourne (33) (rec. attendance 54,463)
    1913 Fitzroy        (56)  d. St.Kilda        (43) (rec. attendance 59,479)
    1914 Carlton        (45)  d. South Melbourne (39)

In 1915 the war came and clubs began disbanding due to the shortage of players.
University disbanded in 1915 and was never to enter league ranks again. In 1916,
Essendon (rejoined 1918), Geelong (1917), Melbourne (1919), South Melbourne
(1917) and St.Kilda (1918) were forced into recess.

In the pre-war years of the VFL the scores were very low. Place-kicks were used
(a la rugby and american football) when shooting for goal and this slowed the
game. After the war, scores increased with the decreased use of the place-kick,
the penalisation of kicking the ball out of bounds and a general greater profic-
iency of the game eventually lead to regular record high scores in the 1930's.

    Premierships (1915-1924):
    ------------------------
    1915 Carlton        (78)  d. Collingwood     (45)
    1916 Fitzroy        (85)  d. Carlton         (56)
    1917 Collingwood    (74)  d. Fitzroy         (39)
    1918 South Melbourne(62)  d. Collingwood     (57)
    1919 Collingwood    (78)  d. Richmond        (53)
    1920 Richmond       (52)  d. Collingwood     (35)
    1921 Richmond       (36)  d. Carlton         (32)
    1922 Fitzroy        (79)  d. Collingwood     (68)
    1923 Essendon       (63)  d. Fitzroy         (46)
    1924 Essendon     (no final played)

In 1925 crowds once again were getting substantially bigger. The league decided
to expand to 12 clubs. They received applications from many clubs in the VFA
but they decided to chose North Melbourne, Hawthorn, and Footscray. The league
stayed with these twelve teams until 1982 when South Melbourne moved to Sydney.

To understand where all these teams come from, here is a map of Melbourne and
the suburbs which the clubs are named after. Geelong is a city about 50 miles
South West of Melbourne.

                                                   1=Melbourne
                                                   2=North Melbourne
                                                   3=Footscray
                           11                      4=Carlton
                                 5 6               5=Fitzroy
                              2  4                 6=Collingwood
                           3   _1   9   10         7=South Melbourne
                              /  \7                8=St.Kilda
                            /      \8              9=Richmond
                          /          \             10=Hawthorn
                                                   11=Essendon
     Scale
              -----
              0   5 km

The teams had a great rivalry between them. The rivalry had two causes: a close
proximity to each other, or close and hard fought games. The oldest rivalry in
the VFL was between Carlton and Collingwood. This was mainly because Carlton
was the more affluent suburb, and Collingwood was the working-class suburb.
Other rivalries have been formed over the years, such as Melbourne and
Collingwood because they played 6 or 7 grand finals between each other in the
1950's. Other rivalries are Collingwood and Richmond, Carlton and Richmond,
Essendon and Carlton. For most Melbournites, the two teams you love to hate are
Carlton and Collingwood. This is also the case because they have won the most
premierships between them.

 Geelong finally won their first flag in 1925 but amazingly they lost their
first game of the year to newcomer North Melbourne. All three new teams in 1925
were in the bottom three with Hawthorn coming last. This was also the case in
1926 and 1927. Hawthorn came last in 1925, 1927, 1928, and 1932. North Melbourne
came last in all the other years until 1935 except for one. It wasn't until
round 2 of the 1938 season that all three teams won a game on the same day!

 Collingwood began their unparalleled record in 1927 of four premierships in a
row. They won the flag in 1928 with an unbeaten regular season and only lost the
second-semi final to Richmond who they beat in the Grand Final. In fact they
defeated Richmond in three of the four premierships. Some of Collingwood's
greatest legends played in this era. Gordon Coventry played over 300 games for
the club, the first player in the VFL to do so. He also has the record aggregate
goals with 1299 for his career. Collingwood was also coached in this period by
the great Jock McHale. McHale was associated with Collingwood from 1903 and
coached the club for 37 years from 1913 to 1949. He took the club to 20 Grand
Finals and won 8 premierships. Other great names in this period were Syd
Coventry, Harry Collier and Albert Collier.

 Some changes occurred in the game around this game. In 1930 a reserve was
introduced. The reserve was known as the 19th man as there are 18 men in a team.
The reserves changed in the same manner as a soccer reserve. In 1931 the finals
system was changed to the 'Final Four' system. This system was retained until
1970 when there was a 'Final Five'. The previous 'Argus' system allowed the team
that finished on top of the ladder to challenge a re-match if they lost the
final! amongst other anomailes.

 The 1930's saw the continuing strength of Richmond, Geelong, Collingwood and
Carlton but the surprise was South Melbourne. South won the first 10 games of
the 1932 season but then their luck ran out. They finished with a 13-5 record
that season and lost their finals match, but the next year they won the flag.
In 1934 their star goal kicker Bob Pratt broke the season goal-kicking record
to kick 150 goals in 21 games, a record only equalled by Hawthorn's Peter Hudson
in 1970. Even though South was the first team to score over 2000 points in an
18 game season they still lost the Grand Final. In fact they also lost the next
two.

 Fitzroy and Essendon had an amazing run in the Brownlow Medal during this
period. They won every Brownlow medal between 1931 to 1938, Fitzroy winning 5 of
the 8. The main winners were two great players of the day, Haydn Bunton of
Fitzroy and Dick Reynolds of Essendon. The each won 6 of the 8 Brownlow Medals
in this period. The list of Brownlow medal winners until 1939 are:

                1924    E. 'Craji' Greeves      Geelong
                1925    Colin Watson            St.Kilda
                1926    Ivor Warne Smith        Melbourne
                1927    Syd Coventry            Collingwood
                1928    Ivor Warne Smith        Melbourne
                1929    Albert Collier          Collingwood
                1930    Harry Collier           Collingwood
                        Stan Judkins            Richmond
                        Allan Hopkins           Footscray
                1931    Haydn Bunton            Fitzroy
                1932    Haydn Bunton            Fitzroy
                1933    W. 'Chicken' Smallhorn  Fitzroy
                1934    Dick Reynolds           Essendon
                1935    Haydn Bunton            Fitzroy
                1936    Dinny Ryan              Fitzroy
                1937    Dick Reynolds           Essendon
                1938    Dick Reynolds           Essendon
                1939    Marcus Whelan           Collingwood

 The premierships between 1925 and 1939 went to:

    Premierships (1925-1939):
    -------------------------
    1925 Geelong        (79)  d. Collingwood     (69)
    1926 Melbourne     (119)  d. Collingwood     (62)
    1927 Collingwood    (25)  d. Richmond        (13)
    1928 Collingwood    (96)  d. Richmond        (63)
    1929 Collingwood    (79)  d. Richmond        (50)
    1930 Collingwood   (100)  d. Geelong         (70)
    1931 Geelong        (68)  d. Richmond        (48)
    1932 Richmond       (92)  d. Carlton         (83)
    1933 S. Melbourne   (71)  d. Richmond        (29)
    1934 Richmond      (128)  d. S. Melbourne    (89)
    1935 Collingwood    (78)  d. S. Melbourne    (58)
    1936 Collingwood    (89)  d. S. Melbourne    (78)
    1937 Geelong       (122)  d. Collingwood     (90)
    1938 Carlton       (100)  d. Collingwood     (85)
    1939 Melbourne     (148)  d. Collingwood     (95)

 The Grand Finals were regularly drawing crowds of between 60,000 and 80,000,
but the 1938 Grand Final drew a crowd of 96,834. In 1939, the Grand Final was
down because of war breaking out in Europe on September 1st.

 That is enough for now. I hope you have enjoyed this early history of the VFL.
I have not mentioned some of the other great names like Roy Cazaly of St.Kilda
and South Melbourne, Reg Hickey of Geelong, Jack Titus of Richmond, 'Soapy'
Valence of Carlton, and others but there isn't enough space. If you would like
to read more about the game, the book 'Every Game Ever Played' contains all
the scores from VFL/AFL matches up to the end of the 1992 season. I'll try to
write the post-war part soon.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-
-  John Marinopoulos                                                      -
-                                                                         -
-  Department of Mathematics                           Tel:+613 565 5460  -
-  Monash University                                   Fax:+613 565 4403  -
-  Clayton Victoria 3168            E-mail: marino@vaxc.cc.monash.edu.au  -
-  Australia                                                              -
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-
-         GO SAINTS! GO SAINTS! GO SAINTS! GO SAINTS! GO SAINTS!          -
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-


  The following are copies of actual written statement collected form various
auto insurance companies in Northern and Southern California.  The drivers were
instructed to give a brief statement on the particulars of the accident in their
own words.
			  <(*******************)>

  Coming home I drove into the wrong house and collided with a tree I don't
have.  The other car collided with mine without giving warning of its
instructions.  I thought my window was down but I found out it was up when I put
my hand through it.

  I collided with a stationary truck coming the other way.

  A truck backed through my windshield into my wife's face.

  A pedestrian hit me and went under my car.

  The gut was all over the road.  I had to swerve a number of times before I hit
him.

  I was on my to the doctors with rear end trouble when my universal joint gave
way causing me to have an accident.

  As I approached the intersection a stop sign suddenly appeared at a place
where no stop sign had ever appeared before.  I was unable to avoid the
accident.  I told police that I wasn't injured, but upon removing my hat I found
that I had skull fracture.

  The other car attempted to cut in front of me so I, with my right bumper,
removed his left front tail light.

  I had been learning to drive with power steering.  I turned the wheel to what
I thought was enough room and found my self in a different direction going the
opposite way.

  I was thrown from my car as it left the road.  I was later found in a ditch by
some stray cows.

  I pulled away from the side of the road, glanced at my mother in law and
headed over the embankment.

  The gentleman behind me struck me on the backside.  He then went to rest in
the bush with just his rear end showing.

  I had been shopping for plants all day and was on my way home.  As I reached
the intersection a hedge sprang up obscuring my vision.  I did not see the other
car.

  I had been driving my car for 40 years when I fell asleep at the wheel and had
the accident.

  The accident occurred when I was attempting to bring my car out of a skid by
steering it into the other vehicle.

  I was unable to stop in time and my car crashed into the other vehicle.  The
driver and passengers left immediately for a vacation with injuries.  An
invisible car came out of nowhere and struck my vehicle and vanished.  I saw the
slow moving, sad faced old man as he bounced off my car.  The indirect cause of
this accident was a little guy in a small car with a big mouth.

  I was backing my car out of the driveway in the usual manner, when it was
struck by the other car in the same place it had been struck several times
before.  In my attempt to kill a fly I drove into a telephone pole.  I thought I
could squeeze between two trucks when my car became squashed.  My car was
legally parked as it backed into the other vehicle.  The pedestrian had no idea
to go so I ran over him.  The telephone pole was approaching fast.  I was
attempting to swerve out of its path when it struck my front end.

  To avoid hitting the bumper of the car in front of me I struck the pedestrian.
I was sure the old fellow would make it to the other side of the road when I
struck him.

  When I saw I could not avoid the collision, I stepped on the gas and crashed
into the other car.

  I was taking my canary to the hospital.  It got loose in the car and flew out
the window.  The next thing was his rear end and there was a crash.

			<(*************************)>

	And you wonder why it takes weeks, sometimes months to receive
	restitution from automobile insurance companies? It takes them that
	long to decipher what their clients are trying to tell them.

Call The Works BBS - 1600+ Textfiles! - [914]/238-8195 - 300/1200 - Always Open

The story behind the letter below is that there is this nutcase in
Newport, Vermont named Scott Williams who digs things out of his back
yard and sends the stuff he finds to the Smithsonian Institution,
labelling them with scientific names, and insisting that they are
actual archaeological finds.

This guy really exists and does this in his spare time! Anyway, here's
the actual response from the Smithsonian Institution. Bear this in mind
next time you think you are challenged in your duty to respond to a
difficult situation in writing.
________________________________________________________________________


Smithsonian Institution
207 Pennsylvania Avenue
Washington, DC 20078

Dear Mr. Williams:

Thank you for your latest submission to the Institute, labelled
"93211-D, layer seven, next to the clothesline post... Hominid skull."

We have given this specimen a careful and detailed examination, and
regret to inform you that we disagree with your theory that it
represents conclusive proof of the presence of Early Man in Charleston
County two million years ago. Rather, it appears that what you have
found is the head of a Barbie doll, of the variety that one of our 
staff, who has small children, believes to be "Malibu Barbie."

It is evident that you have given a great deal of thought to the
analysis of this specimen, and you may be quite certain that those of
us who are familiar with your prior work in the field were loathe to
come to contradiction with your findings. However, we do feel that
there are a number of physical attributes of the specimen which might
have tipped you off to its modern origin:

1.   The material is moulded plastic. Ancient hominid remains are
     typically fossilised bone.
2.   The cranial capacity of the specimen is approximately 9 cubic
     centimetres, well below the threshold of even the earliest
     identified proto-hominids. 
3.   The dentition pattern evident on the skull is more consistent with
     the common domesticated dog than it is with the ravenous
     man-eating Plieocene clams you speculate roamed the wetlands
     during that time.

This latter finding is certainly one of the most intriguing hypotheses
you have submitted in your history with this institution, but the
evidence seems to weigh rather heavily against it. Without going into
too much detail, let us say that:

A.   The specimen looks like the head of a Barbie doll that a dog has
     chewed on.
B.   Clams don't have teeth.

It is with feelings tinged with melancholy that we must deny your
request to have the specimen carbon-dated. This is partially due to the
heavy load our lab must bear in its normal operation, and partly due to
carbon-dating's notorious inaccuracy in fossils of recent geologic
record. To the best of our knowledge, no Barbie dolls were produced
prior to 1956 AD, and carbon-dating is likely to produce wildly
inaccurate results.

Sadly, we must also deny your request that we approach the National
Science Foundation Phylogeny Department with the concept of assigning
your specimen the scientific name Australopithecus spiff-arino.
Speaking personally, I, for one, fought tenaciously for the acceptance
of your proposed taxonomy, but was ultimately voted down because the
species name you selected was hyphenated, and didn't really sound like
it might be Latin.

However, we gladly accept your generous donation of this fascinating
specimen to the museum. While it is undoubtedly not a Hominid fossil,
it is, nonetheless, yet another riveting example of the great body of
work you seem to accumulate here so effortlessly. You should know that
our Director has reserved a special shelf in his own office for the
display of the specimens you have previously submitted to the
Institution, and the entire staff speculates daily on what you will
happen upon next in your digs at the site you have discovered in your
Newport back yard.

We eagerly anticipate your trip to our nation's capital that you
proposed in your last letter, and several of us are pressing the
Director to pay for it. We are particularly interested in hearing you
expand on your theories surrounding the trans-positating fillifitation
of ferrous ions in a structural matrix that makes the excellent
juvenile Tyrannosaurus rex femur you recently discovered take on the
deceptive appearance of a rusty 9-mm Sears Craftsman automotive
crescent wrench.

Yours in Science,
Harvey Rowe
Chief Curator -Antiquities

He spoke with the wisdom that can only come from experience, like a guy who
went blind because he looked at a solar eclipse without one of those boxes with
a pinhole in it and now goes around the country speaking at high schools about
the dangers of looking at a solar eclipse without one of those boxes with a
pinhole in it. Joseph Romm, Washington

She caught your eye like one of those pointy hook latches that used to dangle
from screen doors and would fly up whenever you banged the door open again.
Rich Murphy, Fairfax Station

The little boat gently drifted across the pond exactly the way a bowling ball
wouldn't. Russell Beland, Springfield

McBride fell 12 stories, hitting the pavement like a Hefty Bag filled with
vegetable soup. Paul Sabourin, Silver Spring

From the attic came an unearthly howl. The whole scene had an eerie, surreal
quality, like when you're on vacation in another city and "Jeopardy" comes on
at 7 p.m. instead of 7:30. Roy Ashley, Washington

Her hair glistened in the rain like nose hair after a sneeze. Chuck Smith,
Woodbridge

Her eyes were like two brown circles with big black dots in the center. Russell
Beland, Springfield

Bob was as perplexed as a hacker who means to access
T:flw.quid55328.com\aaakk/ch@ung but gets T:\flw.quidaaakk/ch@ung by mistake.
Ken Krattenmaker, Landover Hills

Her vocabulary was as bad as, like, whatever. Unknown

He was as tall as a six-foot-three-inch tree. Jack Bross, Chevy Chase

The hailstones leaped from the pavement, just like maggots when you fry them in
hot grease. Gary F. Hevel, Silver Spring

Her date was pleasant enough, but she knew that if her life was a movie this
guy would be buried in the credits as something like "Second Tall Man." Russell
Beland, Springfield

Long separated by cruel fate, the star-crossed lovers raced across the grassy
field toward each other like two freight trains, one having left Cleveland at
6:36 p.m. traveling at 55 mph, the other from Topeka at 4:19 p.m. at a speed of
35 mph. Jennifer Hart, Arlington

The politician was gone but unnoticed, like the period after the Dr. on a Dr
Pepper can. Wayne Goode, Madison, Ala.

They lived in a typical suburban neighborhood with picket fences that resembled
Nancy Kerrigan's teeth Paul Kocak, Syracuse, N.Y.

John and Mary had never met. They were like two hummingbirds who had also never
met. Russell Beland, Springfield

The thunder was ominous-sounding, much like the sound of a thin sheet of metal
being shaken backstage during the storm scene in a play. Barbara Fetherolf,
Alexandria

His thoughts tumbled in his head, making and breaking alliances like underpants
in a dryer without Cling Free Chuck Smith, Woodbridge

The red brick wall was the color of a brick-red Crayola crayon. Unknown


AUDI
Accelerates Under Demonic Influence
Always Unsafe Designs Implemented

BMW
Babbling Mechanical Wench
Bavaria's Mechaniacal Wench
Beastly Monsterous Wonder
Beautiful Masterpieces on Wheels
Beautiful Mechanical Wonder
Big Money Waste
Big Money Works
Blasphemous Motorized Wreck
Born Moderately Wealthy
Bought My Wife
Break My Windows
Broken Money Waster
Brutal Money Waster
Bumbling Mechanical Wretch

BUICK
Big Ugly Imported Car Killer
Big Ugly Indestructible Car Killer

CHEVROLET/CHEVY
Can Hear Every Valve Rap On Long Extended Trips
Cheap, Hardly Efficient, Virtually Runs On Luck Every Time
Cracked Head; Every Valve Rattles; Oil Leaks Every Time
Charged Heavily
Cheapest Heap Ever Visioned Yet

DODGE
Damn Old Dirty Gas Eater
Dead Or Dying Garbage Emitter
Drips Oil, Drops Grease Everywhere

FIAT
Failure in Italian Automotive Technology
Feeble Italian Attempt at Transportation
Fix It All the Time
Fix it again, Tony!

FORD
backwards -- Driver Returns On Foot
First On Recall Day
First On Rust and Deterioration
Fix Or Repair Daily
Found On Road, Dead
Fault Of R&D
Fast Only Rolling Downhill
Features O.J. and Ron's DNA
Fucked-Over Rebuilt Dodge
Fraternal Order of Restored DeSoto's
Fucker Only Runs Downhill

GM
General Maintenance
Gasoline Muncher

GMC
Garage Man's Companion
Gotta Mechanic Coming?
Generally Mediocre Cars
Got More Chicks
Got More Crap

HONDA
Had One Never Did Again

HYUNDAI
Hope You Understand Nothing's Driveable And Inexpensive...

JAGUAR
Jerkoff's Automobile Gets Utterly Astonishing Resale

KIA
Korea's Imbecile Automobile

MAZDA
Most Always Zipping Dangerously Along

MOPAR (Chrysler Parts)
Most Often Passed At Races
Mostly Old Parts And Rust

NISSAN
"New, Improved" Shit that Stalls All Night
Nippon's Imported Shit Sucks A Nut

OLDSMOBILE
Old Ladies Driving Slowly Make Others Behind Infuriatingly Late Everyday
Overpriced, Leisurely Driven Sedan Made Of Buick's Irregular Leftover Equipment
Old Lady Drives Seven Mph On Busy Interstate; Late Everytime

PLYMOUTH
Please Let Your Mother Out from Under The Hood!
Pussy Lips in Your Mouth

PONTIAC
Poor Old Nigger Thinks It's A Cadillac

SAAB
Send Another Automobile Back
Such An Arrogant Bastard!
Swedish Automobiles Always Breakdown
Swedish Automobiles Are Bitchy

TOYOTA
Too Often Yankees Overprice This Auto

VOLVO
Very Odd Looking Vehicular Object

VW
Very Wasteful
Virtually Worthless

(note from Greg: Additions can be e-mailed to gollingj@keystone.westminster.edu or sent to usenet's
alt.tasteless.jokes)

========

I had hoped that on arrival the weather would be performing
dramatically; that the buildings would be looming out of thick fog, or
that thunder and lightning would be battling in the sky. Or perhaps
that there would be uncharacteristicly clear and warm weather for the
time of year, with surreal blue skies and crisp shadows. Instead,
above me was the standard grey that there isn't a suitable metaphor
for; the kind of grey you expect in the first week. It was raining
slightly.

Flash forward to summer.

At two o'clock in the morning it is still quite hot. I can feel the
heat radiating off the concrete of the footpath beneath me and the
bricks of the wall on which I am sitting are keeping the backs of my
legs pleasantly warm too. I can see clearly, because my eyes have
adjusted to the darkness, but for someone turning off the well-lit
main road and onto the avenue it will seem very dark. Their
vision will be further impeded by the plane trees that line this
road. I am waiting for the right person to come past. I think I'll
know who it is when they arrive. I stroke the heavy piece of pipe on
the wall next to me. Surprisingly, it is quite cool to the touch.

A couple of men walk past, talking loudly to each other. They don't
notice me.

Time passes. The night has an almost metallic smell to it. I can hear
the trees growing.

I hear light, nervous footprints approaching, and I become alert. It
must be three o'clock by now. I would check my watch but it's too dark
to see the dial properly. I've chosen the part of the wall between the
two sodium lamps performing the most feeble impression of the sun
imaginable. I'm right; it is an undergraduate returning to college,
possibly from some late-night tryst. I pick the pipe up, and silence
my breathing.

I can taste blood in my mouth, so I reason that I must have bitten my
tongue in anticipation. It doesn't matter. My victim is close now.
Closer. Closest. I jump.

Hitting out with the pipe is like hitting a cushion so I hit and hit
and strike and strike and there is no noise but just the rushing of
blood in my ears and in my mouth and I keep hitting even though an
annoying little voice in my head is keeping a tally saying "twenty" so
this is why there "twenty-one" are so many stab wounds in knife
assaults "twenty-two" because it's so easy and I have to hit lower now
because she has fallen to the floor "twenty-three" and now it is time
for me to run so I run.

I'm back in my room and after washing the blood from the pipe and my
hands in the sink there doesn't seem to be anything better to do, so I
log on and read my e-mail.

I find that if I stare at the candle in my dimly lit room long enough,
I start to get tunnel vision. This is how I want to exist at the
moment; I want to feel that the end is closer now, and I want the
darkness to gather around me. Soon it will all be over. I take a last
glance at the keyboard in front of me, and prepare to type in the last
two sentences.

I swallow the final tablet in the bottle. It worries me to think that,
at the end of it all, it is quite possible that the only death I am
really responsible for is my own.



From awkfaq@locutus.ofB.ORG Tue Sep 23 15:08:19 1997
Date: 10 Sep 1997 00:00:00 +0100
From: awkfaq@locutus.ofB.ORG
Newsgroups: comp.lang.awk, comp.answers, news.answers
Subject: comp.lang.awk FAQ
Followup-To: comp.lang.awk

Archive-name: computer-lang/awk/faq
Author: awkfaq@locutus.ofB.ORG (Russell Schulz)
Comp-lang-awk-archive-name: faq
Posting-Frequency: biweekly
Last-modified: 1997-Aug-12

Frequently Asked Questions == FAQ


========================================================================

Contents:

   1. Disclaimer
   2. Spam
   3. Can you answer my awk question?
   4. How can I add a FAQ and its answer to the FAQ list?
   5. What is awk?
   6. What well-maintained awk-compatible languages are there?
     6.1 nawk
     6.2 gawk
     6.3 mawk
     6.4 tawk
     6.5 mksawk
     6.6 awkcc
     6.7 awk2c
     6.8 a2p
   7. Where can I buy awk?
     7.1 AT&T (awk, awkcc)
     7.2 Thompson Automation (tawk)
     7.3 MKS (awk, can generate standalone interpreted .exe)
   8. Where can I get awk for free?  For what platforms?
     8.0 meta-answer
     8.1 the one true awk
     8.2 gawk
       8.2.1 gawk precompiled for MS-DOS or OS/2
       8.2.2 gawk precompiled for Macintosh
       8.2.3 jgawk (Japanese gawk)
       8.2.4 gawk.dll
     8.3 mawk
     8.4 awk2c
     8.5 various old binary-only distributions for MSDOS
     8.99 awkcc
   9. Why would anyone still use awk instead of perl?
  10. How can I learn awk?
  11. What are some other awk resources?
  12. How do I report a bug in gawk?
  13. What's wrong with gawk on Digital's OSF/1?
  14. How can I access shell or environment variables in an awk script?
    14.1 Environment variables in general
    14.2 Unix Shell Quoting
    14.3 ENVIRON and "env"|
    14.4 exporting environment variables back to the parent process
  15. Is there an easy way to determine if you have oawk or nawk?
  16. How does awk deal with multiple files?
    16.0 Version warning
    16.1 How can awk test for the existence of a file?
    16.2 How can I get awk to read multiple files?
    16.3 How can I tell from which file my input is coming?
    16.4 How can I get awk to open multiple files (selected at runtime)?
    16.5 How can I treat the first file specially?
    16.6 How can I explicitly pass in a filename to treat specially?
  17. How many elements were created by split()?
  18. How can I split a string into characters?
  19. How do I use tolower() in the SunOS nawk?
  20. How do I have dynamic-width printf strings, like C?
  21. Why doesn't "\\$" behave like /\\$/ ?
  22. What is gawk's exit code?
  23. How can I get awk to be case-insensitive?
  24. How can I force a numeric/non-numeric comparison?
  25. Why does { FS=":"; print $1 } not split the first record?
  26. Did ^ and $ and . change in gawk?
  27. Why doesn't awk 'begin {...}' work?
  98. Miscellaneous
  99. Credits


========================================================================

1. Disclaimer

Read at your own risk.  The current, previous, or original authors
make no claim as to fitness for any purpose or absence of any errors,
and offer no warranty.  Do not eat.


========================================================================

2. Spam

you wouldn't believe how much spam I get to this address.


========================================================================

3. Can you answer my awk question?

Probably not.  Please don't mail it to me.

Read the FAQ, and the materials pointed to by it, and if you can't find
an answer there, by all means post to the newsgroup.

A FAQ list is intended to reduce traffic on a newsgroup, not eliminate it.


========================================================================

4. How can I add a FAQ and its answer to the FAQ list?

Mail BOTH of them to me.  Then I can add them to the FAQ and it should
help people who have that same question later, as well as everyone who
reads the group, because they won't see it asked and answered so often.

I do not work on this FAQ every day, but I will try to get updates
incorporated in a timely manner.

  
========================================================================

5. What is awk?

awk is a programming language, named after its three original authors:

  Alfred V. Aho
  Brian W. Kernighan
  Peter J. Weinberger

they write:

``
  Awk is a convenient and expressive programming language that can be
  applied to a wide variety of computing and data-manipulation tasks.
''

the title of the book uses `AWK', but the contents of the book
use `awk' (except at the beginning of sentences, as above).  I
will attempt to do the same (except perhaps at the beginning of
sentences, as above).

most implementations of awk are interpreters which read your awk
source program and parse it and act on it directly.

some vendors have developed awk compilers which will produce an
`executable' that may be run stand-alone -- thus, the end user
does not have access to the source code.  there are also various
awk->C converters which allow you to achieve the same
functionality (by compiling the resulting C code later).

one of the most popular compilers, from Thompson Automation,
continues to be the subject of many positive posts in the group.

  [
    I don't really want to start a reviews section, but it may be
    appropriate.  I think it's of general interest, and a good thing
    for the FAQ, but I don't want to be given any grief by a negative
    review I didn't write just because I'm distributing it.

    if you have a review you'd like me to put a pointer to, please
    inform me -- I already have some pointers of this form listed.
  ]


========================================================================

6. What well-maintained awk-compatible languages are there?

  6.1 nawk
    AT&T's `new awk' -- probably nobody uses the `old awk' anymore.
    interpreter
    might NOT be well-maintained

  6.2 gawk
    from the GNU project
    interpreter

  6.3 mawk
    from Michael Brennan <mailto:brennan@whidbey.com>
    interpreter

  6.4 tawk
    from Thompson Automation
    interpreter
    compiler
    MS-Windows DLL

  6.5 mksawk
    interpreter
    compiler
    from Mortice Kern Systems

    an old version of mksawk is shipped as `nawk' on Ultrix and
    OSF/1.

  6.6 awkcc
    translator to C
    might NOT be well-maintained

  6.7 awk2c
    translator to C
    uses GNU awk libraries extensively, and is subject to GPL

  6.8 a2p
    translator to Perl
    comes with Perl
    doesn't handle multiple concatenations:  e.g., var="x" "y" "z"
      -> must be in pairs:  e.g.,  var=( "x" "y" ) "z"
    doesn't handle redirection:  e.g., { print("foo") > "bar" }
      -> no known workaround


========================================================================

7. Where can I buy awk?

7.1 AT&T (awk, awkcc)

  _The AWK Programming Language_ says:
    phone
      +1 201 522 6900 [is this number still valid?]
    and login as `guest'.

  <http://www.unipress.com/att/new/awk.html>
  <http://www.unipress.com/att/new/awkcc.html>
  <http://www.bell-labs.com/org/ssg/html/awk.htm>
  <http://www.bell-labs.com/org/ssg/html/awkcc.htm>

  these versions might NOT be well-maintained

7.2 Thompson Automation (tawk)

  <http://www.tasoft.com/~thompson/tawk.html>

  <http://www.teleport.com/~thompson/>

  Thompson Automation Software
  5616 SW Jefferson
  Portland, OR   97221
  USA

  North America: 800-944-0139
  Phone: +1 503 224 1639
  Fax: +1 503 224 3230

7.3 MKS (awk, can generate standalone interpreted .exe)

  <http://www.mks.ca/solution/tk/>

  Mortice Kern Systems
  185 Columbia Street W
  Waterloo, ON
  N2L 5Z5
  Canada

  North America: 800-265-2797
  Phone: +1 519 884 2251
  Fax: +1 519 884 8861


========================================================================

8. Where can I get awk for free?  For what platforms?

  8.0 meta-answer
    Obtaining Awk and Perl
    <http://uts.cc.utexas.edu/~churchh/awk-perl.html>

  8.1 the one true awk
    <http://plan9.bell-labs.com/who/bwk/awk.sh>
    <ftp://netlib.bell-labs.com/netlib/research/awk.bundle.Z>

    This is the version of awk described in "The Awk Programming Language",
    by A. V. Aho, B. W. Kernighan, and P. J. Weinberger
    (Addison-Wesley, 1988, ISBN 0-201-07981-X).
    Changes, mostly bug fixes, are listed in FIXES.

  8.2 gawk
    NOTE:  gawk 3.0.2 has a per-record memory leak which is fixed
      in (the wide beta and later) of 3.0.3 .

    ftp.gnu.ai.mit.edu/pub/gnu/gawk*
    <ftp://ftp.gnu.ai.mit.edu/pub/gnu/>
    e.g.,
      <ftp://ftp.gnu.ai.mit.edu/pub/gnu/gawk-3.0.2.tar.gz>

      8.2.1 gawk precompiled for MS-DOS, Win32, or OS/2

        The djgpp collection contains a 32-bit DOS gawk, along with
        many GNU utilities which may be useful with gawk (djgpp ports
        understand long filenames on Windows 95):

        <http://www.simtel.net/simtel.net/>
        <ftp://ftp.simtel.net/pub/simtelnet/gnu/djgpp>

        32-bit DOS (djgpp), Win32, and 16-bit OS/2 and DOS versions are
        part of the GNUish project:

        <http://www.simtel.net/simtel.net/>
        <ftp://ftp.simtel.net/pub/simtelnet/gnu/gnuish/>
        <http://wuarchive.wustl.edu/systems/msdos/gnuish/>
        <http://www.coast.net/SimTel/gnu/gnuish.html>

        32-bit OS/2, Win32, and DOS (emx) versions:

        <http://www.leo.org/pub/comp/os/os2/gnu/script/gnuawk.zip> (Germany)
        <ftp://ftp-os2.cdrom.com/pub/os2/lang/gnuawk.zip>          (US)

      8.2.2 gawk precompiled for Macintosh

        <ftp://ftp.funet.fi/pub/mac/programming/>
        <ftp://ezinfo.ethz.ch/mac/programming/>
        <ftp://ftp.uwtc.washington.edu/pub/Mac/Programming/>
        <ftp://ftp.eos.hokudai.ac.jp/pub/mac/util/Gawk/>
        <ftp://ftp.fu-berlin.de/mac/lang/MPW/>
        <ftp://pascal.zedat.fu-berlin.de/mac/lang/MPW/>
        <ftp://ftp.cs.tu-berlin.de/pub/mac/lang/MPW/>
        <ftp://nic.switch.ch/software/mac/src/mpw_c/>

      8.2.3 jgawk (Japanese gawk)

        <ftp://ftp.eos.hokudai.ac.jp/pub/mac/util/jgawk/>

      8.2.4 gawk.dll

        <http://www.muc.de/~walkerj/>
          Gawk 2.15.2 plus extensions
          + Read/Write functions for INI files
          + Read-only functions for DBF files

  8.3 mawk
    NOTE:  do not use mawk 1.3.2 (a one-character change yields 1.3.3)
      due to an obscure (and rarely-appearing) regex problem.

    <ftp://ftp.whidbey.net/pub/brennan/>
      e.g.,
      <ftp://ftp.whidbey.net/pub/brennan/mawk1.3.3.tar.gz>

    <ftp://oxy.edu/public/>
    e.g.,
      <ftp://oxy.edu/public/mawk1.2.2.tar.gz>
      <ftp://oxy.edu/public/mawk1.3beta.tar.gz>

  8.4 awk2c
    <ftp://sunsite.unc.edu/pub/Linux/utils/text/awk2c050.tgz>

  8.5 various old binary-only distributions for MSDOS
    <ftp://ftp.coast.net/pub/SimTel/msdos/awk/>
    <http://www.coast.net/SimTel/msdos/awk.html>

  8.99 awkcc [unknown]
    previous versions of this FAQ mentioned a file on MKS' web site.
    Neil Mahoney spent some time examining it and discovered it is
    just a package BUILT with awkcc, not awkcc itself.  eventually,
    this notice will be removed.

some of Neil's explorations are interesting for those looking
for the real awkcc:

Get file copied to my Sun 4 file system (where I do most of my work)

$ ls -l awkcc
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm        1827 May 20 11:20 README
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm        1378 May 20 11:20 awk.h
-rwxr-xr-x  1 neilm         118 May 20 11:20 awkcc.sh
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm         824 May 20 11:20 dollars.h
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm        3858 May 20 11:20 ear.h
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm         993 May 20 11:20 hash.h
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm        1707 May 20 11:20 header.h
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm      103468 May 20 11:21 libAWK.a
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm        4136 May 20 11:20 specassign.h
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm       14467 May 20 11:20 unipen.c
-rw-r--r--  1 neilm         275 May 20 11:20 y.tab.h

Looking good!

$ awkcc.sh
fix errors found by run
$ awkcc.sh

no awkcc executable... what is this ?
-rwxr-xr-x  1 neilm      106496 May 20 11:21 uniparse

$ head -20 README

        ##############################################
        To compile the UNIPEN 1.0 parser, run awkcc.sh
        ##############################################

The following files are from the awkcc package,
provided by Chris Ramming (jcr@research.att.com),
Copyright (c) 1991 AT&T.
All Rights Reserved

awk.h                              awkcc.sh
copyright                          dollars.h
ear.h                              hash.h
header.h                           libAWK.a
specassign.h                       y.tab.h

The file unipen.c is machine generated c code from the unipen.awk
parser, using the awkcc package.
Copyright (c) 1994 - I. Guyon, AT&T Bell Labs.

#  DISCLAIMER:                        #


========================================================================

9. Why would anyone still use awk instead of perl?

  a valid question, since awk is a subset of perl.  however:

  - awk is simpler
  - you may already know awk well enough
  - you may already have only awk installed
  - awk can be smaller, thus much quicker to execute for small programs
  - awk variables don't have `$' in front of them :-)


========================================================================

10. How can I learn awk?

  The commercial vendors of DOS versions (MKS and Thompson) each have
  their own well written books with examples.  [available separately?]

  English Book:

      _The AWK Programming Language_, by Aho, Kernighan and Weinberger,
      who invented the language. Published by Addison-Wesley. Lots of
      good material in not a lot of space.  A little out of date
      with regard to POSIX awk.

      ISBN 0-201-07981-X

      <http://heg-school.aw.com/cseng/authors/aho/awk/awk.html>

  English Book:

      _Effective AWK Programming_ by Arnold Robbins.  Published by
      SSC (+1 206-FOR-UNIX, <http://www.ssc.com>,
      <mailto:sales@ssc.com>). Also published by the FSF as
      "The GNU AWK User's Guide"; Texinfo source is included with
      the gawk distribution, so you can also print this yourself.

      ISBN 0-916151-88-3

      Russell recommends buying the book instead of printing it all
      out, for three reasons:

        1. it's probably cheaper than using your own toner and paper.

        2. some money goes back to help further development, both to
           Arnold Robbins (only if you buy from SSC) and the Free
           Software Foundation (if you buy from either SSC or the FSF).

        3. it helps convince publishers that we _like_ having full
           documentation available on-line (e.g., for searching), but
           will still pay for a compact, bound copy

      information, including an errata list, is on the web site.

      <http://www.ssc.com/ssc/eap/>

  English Book:

      second edition:

      _Sed & Awk_, by Dale Dougherty & Arnold Robbins, published
      by O'Reilly and Associates.

      _sed & awk_ describes two text manipulation programs that are
      mainstays of the UNIX programmer's toolbox. This new edition
      covers the sed and awk programs as they are now mandated by
      the POSIX standard and includes discussion of the GNU versions
      of these programs.

      <http://www.ora.com/catalog/sed2/noframes.html>
      <http://www.ora.com/catalog/covers/sedawk-t.gif>

      ISBN 1-56592-225-5

      An errata for the second edition of Sed & Awk is at

      <http://www.cs.colostate.edu/~dzubera/sedawk2.txt>

      historical notes on the first edition:

      _Sed & Awk_, by Dale Dougherty, published by O'Reilly and
      Associates.  A nice introduction to sed and awk, showing how
      they relate to each other. However, the first edition is `full
      of typos and out-and-out mistakes'.

      <http://www.ora.com/catalog/sed/noframes.html>

      ISBN 0-937175-59-5

      a `by no means complete' errata list is available.
      the author mentions `later printings of the book have
      many of the errors fixed.'

      <http://www.cs.colostate.edu/~dzubera/sedawk.txt>

  Deutsch Book:

      Awk und Sed, by Helmut Herold.

      <http://www.addison-wesley.de/KD/BS/685.html>

      awk und sed / Helmut Herold. - 2., ueberarb. und erw. Auflage -
      Bonn; Paris; Reading, Mass. [u.a.]: Addison-Wesley, 1994
      (UNIX und seine Werkzeuge)

      ISBN 3-89319-685-4

      VVA-Nr. 563-00685-8

  Web Site:

      <http://www.cs.hmc.edu/FAQ/qref/awk.html>

      Getting started with Awk

  Web Site:

      <http://www.uga.edu/~ucns/sss/unix/awk.html>

      Awk introduction

  Web Site:

      <http://www.mbnet.mb.ca/~natewild/awk/awk.html>

      Information about Tawk; Awk sample source code

  Web Site:

      <http://www.ssc.com/lj/issue25/1156.html>

      Introduction to Gawk

  Awk Introduction

      <http://www.ntua.gr/unix/>
      <ftp://www.brooks.af.mil/pub/unix/white_papers/awk.ps>

      Awk introduction (PostScript and text) by awk authors
      (somewhat old, doesn't cover the many recent extensions,
      but still a valid introduction to the language)


========================================================================

11. What are some other awk resources?

  Unix and awk courseware:

      <http://www.cit.ac.nz/smac/os202/default.htm>

  Awk course

      <http://www.ee.ic.ac.uk/course/advanced/awk/awk.html>

  Developer information on awk

      <http://www.devinfo.com/languages/awk/>

  Spatial Analysis with Awk (course)

      <http://www.udel.edu/johnmack/frec682/682awk.html>

  Debugger and Assertion Checker for Awk

      <http://www.irisa.fr/EXTERNE/manifestations/AADEBUG95/Abstracts/auguston2.html>

  Free Compilers and Interpreters List

      <http://www.idiom.com/free-compilers/LANG/awk-1.html>

  Voicenet.com awk page

      <http://www.voicenet.com/tech/comp/prog/awk/>

  Four awk implementations for MS-DOS:  How do they compare?

      <http://www.voicenet.com/tech/comp/prog/awk/awk2.rev>

  Gawk 3 manual

      <http://www.tec.ualberta.ca/Documentation/Info/by-chapter/gawk-3.0.3/>
      <ftp://ftp.tec.ualberta.ca/pub/Documentation/Info/by-chapter/gawk-3.0.3-html.tar.gz>

  Unix Vault

      <http://www.nda.com/~jblaine/vault/>

  Yahoo's awk links

      <http://www.yahoo.com/Computers_and_Internet/Programming_Languages/Awk/>

  New Mexico Tech awk information

      <http://www.nmt.edu/tcc/help/lang/awk.html>
      <http://www.nmt.edu/bin/man?awk>
      <http://www.nmt.edu/bin/man?gawk>

  A Supplemental Document For AWK
  - or -
  Things Al, Pete, And Brian Didn't Mention Much

      <http://oak.oakland.edu/pub/unix-c/info/awk-supplement.txt>

      [
        interesting historically -- I always wondered exactly why
        I mistrusted setting $n to a value and then using $0 -- and
        this document explains why.  (it works now, of course.)
      ]

  A* - an awk extension (paper by D.A.Ladd and J.C.Ramming)

      <http://sunsite.ust.hk/dblp/db/journals/tse/tse21.html>
      <http://www.usenix.org/~jcr/>

      [ does anyone know what issue of _Unix Review_ mentioned it? ]

  ftwalk - not strictly a version of awk

      `it is very much an awk-like language'
      <http://www.contex.com/ftwalk/>

  English Book

      Language and Computers
      ISBN 0-7486-0785-4
      New Scientist #2071, 1997/Mar/01, p45 review titled `Dream in awk'
      <http://www.ling.lancs.ac.uk/staff/andrew/etel.htm>
      <http://www.ling.lancs.ac.uk/staff/andrew/pubs.htm>
      <http://www.ed.ac.uk/~eup/subject.html>
      <http://www.ed.ac.uk/~eup/highlights.html#barnbrook>

      [ more information on this is desired! ]


========================================================================

12. How do I report a bug in gawk?

This is described in great detail in the gawk documentation. In brief,

   1. Make sure what you've discovered is really a bug by checking
      the documentation and, if possible, comparing with nawk and mawk.

   2. Cut down the program and data to as small as possible a test
      case that will illustrate the bug.

   3. Send mail to <mailto:bug-gnu-utils@prep.ai.mit.edu>, with a carbon
      copy to <mailto:arnold@gnu.ai.mit.edu>.

   4. Do not just post in comp.lang.awk; Arnold's readership there is
      sporadic.


========================================================================

13. What's wrong with gawk on Digital's OSF/1?

The version of gawk shipped with OSF/1 is very old, based on gawk
2.14. Get the current version from a GNU mirror near you, and if
you still have a problem, report it as per the directions in the
gawk documentation.


========================================================================

14. How can I access shell or environment variables in an awk script?

14.0 shells

the examples using quoting are intended for use with any standard
(sh-compatible-quoting) Unix shell.

non-sh-compatible shells will require different quoting.  if you're
not even using Unix (or a ported Unix shell), just ignore the whole
section on quoting.

14.1 Environment variables in general

Answer 1:  on Unix, use "alternate quoting", e.g.

        awk -F: '$1 ~ /'"$USER"'/ {print $5}' /etc/passwd
                ^^^^^^^^*******^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

        any standard Unix shell will send the underlined part as one
        long argument (with embedded spaces) to awk, for instance:

        $1 ~ /bwk/ {print $5}

        Note that there may not be any spaces between the quoted
        parts.  Otherwise, you wouldn't end up a single, long script
        argument, because Unix shells break arguments on spaces
        (unless they are \d or in '' or "", as the example shows).

Answer 2:  RTFM to see if and how your awk supports variable definitions
           on the command line, e.g.,

        awk -F: -v name=$USER '$1 ~ name {print $5}' /etc/passwd

Answer 3:  RTFM if your awk can access enviroment vars.  Then perhaps

        awk -F: '$1 ~ ENVIRON["USER"] {print $5}' /etc/passwd

        Always remember for your /bin/sh scripts that it's easy to put
        things into the environment for a single command run:

        name=felix age=56 awk '... ENVIRON["name"] .....'

        this also works with ksh and some other shells.

The first approach is extremely portable, but doesn't work with
awk "-f" script files.  In that case, it's better to use a shell
script and stretch a long awk command argument in '...' across
multiple lines if need be.

Also note: /bin/csh requires a \ before an embedded newline, /bin/sh not.


14.2 Unix Shell Quoting

Quoting can be such a headache for the novice, in shell programming,
and especially in awk.

    (see below for a verbose explanation of the first one, with 7 quotes)

    awk 'BEGIN { q="'"'"'";print "Never say can"q"t."; exit }'
    nawk -v q="'" 'BEGIN { print "Never say can"q"t."; exit }'
    awk 'BEGIN { q=sprintf("%c",39); print "Never say can"q"t."; exit }'
    awk 'BEGIN { q=sprintf("%c",39); print "Never say \"can"q"t.\""; exit }'
    [Others?]

and

    cat <<@@ > foo.awk
    { print "Never say can't." }
    @@
    awk -f foo.awk; rm foo.awk

But not:

    awk '{ q="\'"; print "Never say \"can"q"t.\""; exit }'


explanation of the 7-quote example:

note that it is quoted three different ways:

    awk 'BEGIN { q="'
                     "'"
                        '";print "Never say can"q"t."; exit }'

and that argument comes out as the single string (with embedded spaces)

    BEGIN { q="'";print "Never say can"q"t."; exit }

which is the same as

    BEGIN { q="'"; print "Never say can" q "t."; exit }
                          ^^^^^^^^^^^^^  ^  ^^
                          |           |  |  ||
                          |           |  |  ||
                          vvvvvvvvvvvvv  |  ||
                          Never say can  v  ||
                                         '  vv
                                            t.

which gets you

                          Never say can't.


14.3 ENVIRON[] and "env"|getline

   Modern versions of new awk (gawk, mawk, Bell Labs awk, any POSIX
   awk) all provide an array named ENVIRON.  The array is indexed by
   environment variable name, the value is that variables value.
   For instance, ENVIRON["HOME"] might be "/home/chris".  To print
   out all the names and values, use a simple loop:

        for (i in ENVIRON)
                printf("ENVIRON['%s'] = '%s'\n", i, ENVIRON[i])


   What if my awk doesn't have ENVIRON[]?

   Short answer, get a better awk. There are many freely available
   versions.

   Longer answer, on Unix you can use a pipe from the `env' or
   `printenv' commands, but this is less pretty, and may be a
   problem if the values contain newlines:

        # untested!
        while (("env" | getline line) > 0) {
                n = split(line, v, "=")
                # v[1] is variable name
                # v[2] is variable value
                if (n > 2)
                        # value contained "=", handle it ...
        }

14.4 exporting environment variables back to the parent process

   How can I put values into the environment of the program that
   called my awk program?

   Short answer, you can't.  Unix ain't Plan 9, and you can't tweak
   the parent's address space.

   DOS isn't even Unix, so it lets any program overwrite any memory
   location, including the parent's environment space.  But the
   details are (obviously) going to be fairly icky.  Avoid.

   Longer answer, write the results in a form the shell can parse
   to a temporary file, and have the shell "source" the file after
   running the awk program.

        awk 'BEGIN { printf("NEWVAR='%s'\n", somevalue) }' > /tmp/awk.$$
        . /tmp/awk.$$        # sh/ksh/bash/pdksh/zsh etc
        rm /tmp/awk.$$

   Csh syntax and more robust use of quotation marks are left as
   exercises for the reader.


========================================================================

15. Is there an easy way to determine if you have oawk or nawk?

The following in a BEGIN rule will do the trick.

        if (ARGC == 0)
                # old awk
        else
                # new awk


========================================================================

16. How does awk deal with multiple files?

  16.0 Version warning

    some of these techniques will require non-ancient versions of awk.

  16.1 How can awk test for the existence of a file?

The best way is to simply try and read from the file.

        function exists(file,        dummy, ret)
        {
                if ((getline dummy < file) > 0)
                        # file exists and can be read
                        ret = 1
                else
                        ret = 0
                close(file)
                return ret
        }

[ I've read reports that earlier versions of mawk would write to stderr
as well as getline returning <0 -- is this still true? ]

  16.2 How can I get awk to read multiple files?

    it's automatic -- use something like:

    awk '/^#include/ {print $2}' *.c *.h

  16.3 How can I tell from which file my input is coming?

    Use built-in variable FILENAME.

    awk '/^#include/ {print FILENAME,$2}' *.c *.h

  16.4 How can I get awk to open multiple files (selected at runtime)?

    use `getline', `close', and `print EXPR > FILENAME', like:

    function double(infilename,outfilename,    aline)
    {
      while ( (getline aline < infilename) >0 )
        print(aline aline) > outfilename;
      close(infilename);
      close(outilename);
    }

  16.5 How can I treat the first file specially?

    Use FILENAME, thusly:

    BEGIN { rulesfile="" }
    rulesfile == "" { rulesfile = FILENAME; }
    FILENAME == rulesfile { build_rule($0); }
    FILENAME != rulesfile { apply_rule($0); }

    Example:  

    Suppose you have a text-line "database" and you want to make some
    batch changes to it, by replacing some old lines with new lines.
 
    BEGIN { rulesfile="" }
    rulesfile == "" { rulesfile = FILENAME; }
    rulesfile == FILENAME { replace[$1] = $0; }
    rulesfile != FILENAME \
    { 
            if ($1 in replace) 
                    print replace[$1];
            else
                    print;
    }

  16.6 How can I explicitly pass in a filename to treat specially?

    use `-v rulesfile=filename' like you would any other variable,
    and then use a `getline' loop (and `close') in your BEGIN
    statement.

    BEGIN \
    {
      if (rulesfile=="")
      {
        print "must use -v rulesfile=filename";
        exit(1);
      }
      while ( (getline < rulesfile) >0 )
        replace[$1]=$0;
      close(rulesfile);
    }

    {
      if ($1 in replace)
        print replace[$1];
      else
        print;
    }


========================================================================

17. How many elements were created by split()?

   when I do a split on a field, e.g.,
 
        split($1,x,"string")
 
   how can i find out how many elements x has (i mean other than
   testing for null string or doing a for (n in x) test)?

use the return value of split()

        n = split($1, x, "string")


========================================================================

18. How can I split a string into characters?

in portable POSIX awk, the only way to do this is to use substr to pull
out each character, one by one.  this is painful.  however, gawk, mawk,
and the newest version of the Bell Labs awk all allow you to set
FS = "" and use "" as the third argument of split.

so, split("chars",anarray,"") results in the array anarray containing
5 elements -- "c", "h", "a", "r", "s".

if you don't have any ^As in your string, you could try:

{
        string=$0;
        gsub(".", "&\001", string)
        n=split(string, anarray, "\001")
        for (i=1;i<=n;i++) print i "=>" anarray[i];
}


========================================================================

19. How do I use tolower() in the SunOS nawk?

I want to use the tolower() function with SunOS nawk, but all I get is

        nawk: calling undefined function tolower

The SunOS nawk is from a time before awk acquired the tolower() and
toupper() functions. Either use one of the freely available awks, or
write your own function to do it using index, substr, and gsub.

An example of such a function is in O'Reilly's _Sed & Awk_.


========================================================================

20. How do I have dynamic-width printf strings, like C?

with modern awks, just do it like you would in C:

        maxlen=0

        for (i in arr)
          if (maxlen<length(arr[i]))
            maxlen=length(arr[i])

        for (i in arr)
          printf("%-*s %s\n",maxlen,arr[i],i)

with old awks, just do it like you would do if you didn't know about %*:

        maxlen=0

        for (i in arr)
          if (maxlen<length(arr[i]))
            maxlen=length(arr[i])

        printfstring="%-" maxlen "s %s\n";
        for (i in arr)
          printf(printfstring,arr[i],i)


========================================================================

21. Why doesn't "\\$" behave like /\\$/ ?

because the first is a string, so some of the escape characters get
eaten up (like \" to escape a double-quote within the string).

/\\$/ => regular expression: literal backslash at end-of-expression

"\\$" => string: \$ => regular expression: literal dollar sign

to get behavior like the first case in a string, use "\\\\$" .


========================================================================

22. What is gawk's exit code?

normally, the `exit' command exits with a value of zero.

you can supply an optional numeric value to the `exit' command to
make it exit with a value:

    if (whatever)
        exit 12

if you have an END block, control first transfers there.  within
the END block, an `exit' command exits immediately; if you had
previously supplied a value, that value is used.  but, if you
give a new value to `exit' within the END block, the new value is
used.  this is documented in the GNU Awk User's Guide (gawk.texi).

if you have an END block, you may have to do something like this:

BEGIN {
  ...
  exitcode=0;
  ...
}

{
  ...
  if (fatal)
  {
    exitcode=12;
    exit(exitcode);
  }
  ...
}

END {
  if (exitcode)
    exit(exitcode);
  ...
}


========================================================================

23. How can I get awk to be case-insensitive?

  23.1. use tolower()
    - portable
    - must be explicitly used for each comparison

    instead of:
      if (avar=="a" || avar=="A") { ... }
    use:
      if (tolower(avar)=="a") { ... }

  23.2. use IGNORECASE=1;
    - probably gawk only
    - used for all comparisons


========================================================================

24. How can I force a numeric/non-numeric comparison?

to compare two variables as numbers ONLY, use

  if (var1+0 == var2+0)

to compare two variables as non-numeric strings ONLY, use

  if ("" var1 == "" var2)


========================================================================

25. Why does { FS=":"; print $1 } not split the first record?

basically, you should set FS before it's needed to split $0 into fields.
once awk encounters a `{', it may already be too late.

some awk implementations set the fields at the beginning of the
block, and don't re-parse just because you changed FS.  to get
the desired behavior, you must set FS _before_ reading in a line.

e.g.,
  BEGIN { FS=":" }
  { print $1 }

e.g.,
  awk -F: '{ print $1 }'

if you run code like this

{ FS=":"; print $1 }

on this data:

first:second:third but not last:fourth
First:Second:Third But Not Last:Fourth
FIRST:SECOND:THIRD BUT NOT LAST:FOURTH

you may get either
  this:       or this:
  ----        -------
  first       first:second:third
  First       First
  FIRST       FIRST

========================================================================

26. Did ^ and $ and . change in gawk?

yes.  early versions cared about \n (newlines) and treated them
specially.  version 3.* and later are more POSIX-compliant here.


========================================================================

27. Why doesn't awk 'begin {...}' work?

it needs to be `BEGIN' (i.e., it's case-sensitive).


========================================================================

98. Miscellaneous


========================================================================

99. Credits

I expect most of the information in this FAQ to be supplied by people
other than myself -- it's just going to work better that way.  The
newsgroup readers have a LOT more awk experience than I ever will
(unless I multiply myself by a few thousand, which is not legal with
today's tax laws).


These people have contributed to the well-being of the FAQ:

  arnold [at] gnu.ai.mit.edu (Arnold D. Robbins)
  100335.120 [at] CompuServe.COM (James G. Walker)
  jland [at] worldnet.att.net (Jim Land)
  yuli.barcohen [at] telrad.co.il (Yuli Barcohen)
  johnd [at] mozart.inet.co.th (John DeHaven)
  amnonc [at] mercury.co.il (Amnon Cohen)
  saguyami [at] post.tau.ac.il (Shay)
  hankedr [at] mail.auburn.edu (Darrel Hankerson)
  mark [at] ispc001.demon.co.uk (Mark Katz)
  brennan [at] whidbey.com (Michael D. Brennan)
  neitzel [at] gaertner.de (Martin Neitzel)
  pjf [at] osiris.cs.uoguelph.ca (Peter Jaspers-Fayer)
  dmckeon [at] swcp.com (Denis McKeon)
  neil_mahoney [at] il.us.swissbank.com (Neil Mahoney)
  dzubera [at] CS.ColoState.EDU (Zube)
  allen [at] gateway.grumman.com (John L. Allen)
  jerabek [at] rm6208.gud.siemens.co.at (Martin Jerabek)
  tom [at] contex.com (Tom Hull)
  bmarcum [at] iglou.com (Bill Marcum)
  thobe [at] lafn.org (Glenn Thobe) 
  boffi [at] rachele.stru.polimi.it (giacomo boffi)
  hastinga [at] tarim.dialogic.com (Austin Hastings)

Thanks.

========================================================================

thus endeth the awk FAQ.


(taken from Pyro Joe's Hot Flashes, pp 137-151)

Now, kids, it's tahm ta talk about dee-layed gratification.

....

Here's one that'll tickle ya pink! (Also black & blue if ya
stand around it too long. Take a hint from ol' Joe.)

How menny	Whut is it			Where d'ya git it
___________________________________________________________________________
    1      1 inch cube of 90% Palladium		any good hardware store
		with 10% Titanium		should have it

    1	   4 inch length of gold wahr		steal from yore sister's
						earrin's

   5 gallons    heavy water, with 10%		steal frum Navy base
		DTO (th' "Jolt" version,	or borry frum naybors.
		heh heh.)

    1 cup  Lithium Lye, with Deuterium,		war surplus store
	   USGummint #3039924057394XD

    1	   1 to 3 volt, 30 amp pahr splah	hell, bild it, use
						pappy's arc welder,
						or whutever.

    1      special currint reggalater		bild it.
	   (figger 3, end of chapter)

    1	   Kickass(tm) 8 week high-reliability	ain'tchoo gotta hardware
		timer or equiv'lint		bin? Call up Bud's
						Scientific Splah.
						Don't let on whut it's for.

    1	   big moonshahn crock, with lid.	c'mon, ya gotta know
						where ta git basics!

   th' usual wahr an' stuff, as requahred.


How d'ya do it, Joe?
_____________________

Wal, ya find a ol' shack on a hill somewheres that still got pahr
goin' to it.  (Elsewise, ya gots ta use a whole lotta ol' truck
batt'ries, which is tuff ta hump around.) Put th' crock in th' shack,
and pour th' Jolt water inta it.  Stir in th' Lithium Lye, slow an'
careful. Don't splash none, an' don't add th' stuff too quick, now.
Cover it real taht, so's ya don't lose too much. Y'all don't wanna
hafta sneak inta th' navybase again, do ya? Them guys got guns & stuff
and they ain't afraid ta use it.

So, ennyway, see, ya bild the pahr splah, an' ya bild th' currint
reggalater in figger 3 at th' end of th' chapter, the one with the
special shunt cirkit fer changin' the currint. Thet's whar th'
Kickass tahmer goes. Test it ta be sure that th' current starts at
about 30 amps and goes down ta 10 or 15 when th' tahmer goes off.

Bild th' other stuff lahk in figger 2. Cart th' whole mess down ta th'
shack, and put th' bizniz end inta the Jolt water. Don't leave th' lid
off too long, now. Cover it up good, an' duck tape it, specially th'
place wher the wahrs come out. Ah got me some motorcycle ground strap,
which is read'ly avail'ble an' flat, so it don't queer up the fit o'
the lid. Bolt the straps down real secure, an' put vaseline on th'
bolts.

Now, set th' Kickass tahmer fer 8 weeks, plug th' pahr splah in,
make sure ya got 30 amps, an' take a hike.

'Member, neutrons ain't yer frens. Keep ol' Blue away from th' shack
unless ya want two-headed puppies runnin' around eatin' too much,
probly worrit yore mom no end, an' if ya gotta go in ther ta check,
don't stay long. Ya want ol' Joe's advice, after around 7 weeks, don't
go in ther atall.

This hear makes a real 'hot flash', an' in fact, it's whut this book
is named fer. Y'all kin see th' flash from a couple mahls away, raht
through th' av'ridge wall, so don't go bildin' it in yer basemit. Got
thet?  No need ta keep it too close ta home, raht? Ya kin get caught
with it if it's too close. Besides, ya don't want yer sister fahndin'
out wher her earrin's got off ta. She probly woont lahk it, an' she'll
make ya cut her in on the deal. 'Course, thet maht not be too bad, if
she's good with a soldrin' ahrn. Probly bilds good pahr splahs, an
that's importunt ta this 'hot flash'.

Ah got trouble, Joe. Now whut?

______________________________


Whut happen		Whut ta do
___________________________________________________________________________
ya hair falls out	Dummy! I tol' ya not ta stan' aroun' up
in hanks		close-lahk! Thow away yer clothin', an'
			take lots o' shahrs. Eat some vitamin E,
			an' call th' doc ef'n it don't stop in
			a spell.

red skin & funny spots	same thing.

juice won't drop to	shunt circuit screwed up, or ya bought a cheap
10-15 amps		tahmer. Don't bah you no cheap tahmers!

no flash after 8	th' Authority mebbe cut yer pahr. Wait 2 more
weeks is gone bah	weeks an' then check fer pahr at the wall sockit.
			Ef thet don't work, check the pahr splah. Ah
			tol' ya yer sister probly bild it better then
			you, ya shoulda listened. Also check th'
			tahmer. 'Member whut ah sed about cheap ones!

Big wet spot		ya crock leak? If no leaks, check the roof. If
			the roof leaks, don't worrit yerself. If th'
			crock leaks, fix it quick.

'lectrode turns brown	probly yer Lithium Lye is contaminatid. Ya can
			give it up, or start over.

runs hot		only happins once in a whahl. Swipe Grampa's
			ol' still-tubin', an' make lahk a li'l still
			coil with it. Jes' run th' outlet back inta
			the crock. Duck tape the whole mess real good.
			If thet ain't enuf, use a truck radiater.
			Don't drink the stuff, neither! Taste lahk
			hell, take it from one that knows.


Youall have fun, now. Ef ya hit the sweet spot, th' hill will glow fer
munths. Thet means you done real good! Set up a "myst'ry spot" sahn,
an' charge th' city folks a dollar a look.






For all who have ever had any dealings with the banks..... This is an
actual letter sent to a Bank in the US. The Bank thought it amusing
enough to publish it in the New York Times.


Dear Bank Manager,

I am writing to thank you for bouncing the cheque with which I
endeavoured to pay my plumber last month. By my calculations some
three nanoseconds must have elapsed between his presenting the cheque,
and the arrival in my account of the funds needed to honour it. I
refer, of course, to the automatic monthly deposit of my entire 
salary, an arrangement which, I admit, has only been in place for eight
years.

You are to be commended for seizing that brief window of opportunity,
and also for debiting my account with $50 by way of penalty for the
inconvenience I caused your bank. My thankfulness springs from the
manner in which this incident has caused me to re-think my errant
financial ways.

You have set me on the path of fiscal righteousness. No more will our
relationship be blighted by these unpleasant incidents, for I am
restructuring my affairs in 2000, taking as my model the procedures,
attitudes and conduct of your very own bank. I can think of no greater
compliment, and I know you will be excited and proud to hear it. To
this end, please be advised about the following:

First, I have noticed that whereas I personally attend to your telephone
calls and letters, when I try to contact you I am confronted by the
impersonal, ever-changing, pre-recorded, faceless entity which your bank
has become. From now on I, like you, choose only to deal with a flesh and
blood person. My mortgage and loan repayments will, therefore and
hereafter, no longer be automatic, but will arrive at your bank, by
cheque, addressed personally and confidentially to an employee of your
branch, whom you must nominate.

You will be aware that it is an offence under the Postal Act for any
other person to open such an envelope. Please find attached an
Application Contact Status which I require your chosen employee to
complete. I am sorry it runs to eight pages, but in order that I know
as much about him or her as your bank knows about me, there is no
alternative. Please note that all copies of his or her medical history
must be countersigned by a Justice of the Peace, and that the mandatory
details of his/her financial situation (income, debts, assets and
liabilities) must be accompanied by documented proof.

In due course I will issue your employee with a PIN number which he/she
must quote in all dealings with me. I regret that it cannot be shorter
than 28 digits but, again, I have modelled it on the number of button
presses required to access my account balance on your phone bank
service. As they say, imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.

Let me level the playing field even further by introducing you to my
new telephone system, which you will notice, is very much like yours.
My Authorised Contact at your bank, the only person with whom I will
have any dealings, may call me at any time and will be answered by an
automated voice. By pressing Buttons on the phone, he/she will be
guided through an extensive set of menus:

 1.   To make an appointment to see me.

 2.   To query a missing repayment.

 3.   To make a general complaint or inquiry.

 4.   To transfer the call to my living room in case I am there;
      Extension of living room to be communicated at the time the
      call is received.

 5.   To transfer the call to my bedroom in case I am sleeping;
      Extension of bedroom to be communicated at the time the call
      is received.

 6.   To transfer the call to my toilet in case I am attending to
      nature; Extension of toilet to be communicated at the time the
      call is received.

 7.   To transfer the call to my mobile phone in case I am not at home.

 8.   To leave a message on my computer. To leave a message a password
      to access my computer is required. Password will be communicated
      at a later date to the contact.

 9.   To return to the main menu and listen carefully to options 1
      through 9.
      
The contact will then be put on hold, pending the attention of my
automated answering service. While this may on occasion involve a
lengthy wait, uplifting music will play for the duration. This month
I've chosen a refrain from The Best Of Woody Guthrie:

                 ......."Oh, the banks are made of marble
                         With a guard at every door
                         And the vaults are filled with silver
                         That the miners sweated for"

After twenty minutes of that, our mutual contact will probably know it
off by heart.

On a more serious note, we come to the matter of cost. As your bank has
often pointed out, the ongoing drive for greater efficiency comes at a
cost - a cost which you have always been quick to pass on to me. Let me
repay your kindness by passing some costs back.

First, there is the matter of advertising material you send me. This I
will read for a fee of $20/page. Enquiries from your nominated contact
will be billed at $5 per minute of my time spent in response. Any debits
to my account, as, for example, in the matter of the penalty for the
dishonoured cheque, will be passed back to you. My new phone service runs
at 75 cents a minute (even Woody Guthrie doesn't come free), so you would
be well advised to keep your enquiries brief and to the point.

Regrettably, but again following your example, I must also levy an
establishment fee to cover the setting up of this new arrangement.

May I wish you a happy, if ever-so-slightly less prosperous New Year.

<name>

Your humble client.

From nf-nt-smi.!news1.jaring.my!news2.jaring.my!news.sprintlink.net!news-stk-3.sprintlink.net!www.nntp.primenet.com!nntp.primenet.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!EU.net!sun4nl!surfnet.nl!news.unisource.nl!xs4all!basement.replay.com!mail2news-gw Thu Apr 17 20:39:03 1997
Path: nf-nt-smi.!news1.jaring.my!news2.jaring.my!news.sprintlink.net!news-stk-3.sprintlink.net!www.nntp.primenet.com!nntp.primenet.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!EU.net!sun4nl!surfnet.nl!news.unisource.nl!xs4all!basement.replay.com!mail2news-gw
From: hornyone@juno.com
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes
Subject: Contest_by_OMNI_magazine.txt [1/1] - http://www.mother.com/~virtual/without_a_paddle/
Date: 17 Apr 1997 09:18:38 +0200
Organization: mail2news@replay.com
Lines: 44
Message-ID: <199704170718.AAA02581@ma.mother.com>
Reply-To: hornyone@juno.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: basement.replay.com
X-XS4ALL-Date: Thu, 17 Apr 1997 09:18:45 CEST
X-Mail2News-Info-Url: http://www.replay.com/mail2news/
X-Mail2News-Errors-To: postmaster@replay.com

CLEAN HUMOR - DIRTY HUMOR - CLEAN HUMOR - DIRTY HUMOR - CLEAN HUMOR

          http://www.mother.com/~virtual/without_a_paddle/

My hobby can be your gain. I've been collecting humorous jokes and 
stories for what seems like ages now. I have placed them all here 
for you to use. Don't expect the ultimate archive from here but 
since it's almost all free what do you have to complain about 
anyway. Hey, I get a thousand visitors a day, it can't be that bad.

I use Adult Check to get into the pornographic section and it can 
in theory earn me some money. If it earns me enough to pay for the 
web space I'll be ecstatic.  In the meantime, enjoy this sample. 
I'll post more periodically. Once a week maybe? If that's too much 
or too little let me know. 

                        hornyone@juno.com

CLEAN HUMOR - DIRTY HUMOR - CLEAN HUMOR - DIRTY HUMOR - CLEAN HUMOR
===================================================================
-------------------------------------------------------------------

Grand Prize Winner:

When a cat is dropped, it always lands on its feet, and when toast is dropped, it always lands with the buttered side facing down.  I propose to strap buttered toast to the back of a cat; the two will hover, spinning inches above the ground.  With a giant buttered cat array, a high-speed monorail could easily link New York with Chicago.

Runners-up:

If an infinite number of rednecks riding in an infinite number of pickup trucks fire an infinite number of shotgun rounds at an infinite number of highway signs, they will eventually produce all the worlds great literary works in Braille.

Why Yawning Is Contagious:  You yawn to equalize the pressure on your eardrums.  This pressure change outside your eardrums unbalances other people's ear pressures, so they must yawn to even it out.

Communist China is technologically underdeveloped because they have no alphabet and therefore cannot use acronyms to communicate ideas at a faster rate.

The earth may spin faster on its axis due to deforestation.   Just as a figure skater's rate of spin increases when the arms are brought in close to the body, the cutting of tall trees may cause our planet to spin dangerously fast.

Honorable Mentions:

Birds take off at sunrise.  On the opposite side of the world, they are landing at sunset.  This causes the earth to spin on its axis.

The reason hot-rod owners raise the backs of their cars is that it's easier to go faster when you're always going downhill.

The quantity of consonants in the English language is constant.  If omitted in one place, they turn up in another.  When a Bostonian "pahks" his "cah," the lost r's migrate southwest, causing a Texan to "warsh" his car and invest in "erl wells."



========
Path: Supernews!supernews.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed.internetmci.com!iol!not-for-mail
From: "BUTCH" <JIMM@IOL.IE>
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes
Subject: Bed-Room Golf
Date: 13 Jun 1997 17:35:57 GMT
Organization: Ireland On-Line
Lines: 65
Message-ID: <01bc7827$5415be20$c32e7dc2@default>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dialup-003.carlow.iol.ie
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Internet News 4.70.1155
Xref: Supernews alt.tasteless.jokes:163035



 The Rules of Bedroom Golf


   Each player shall furnish his own equipment for play -
   normally one club and two balls.
   
   Play on a course must be approved by the owner of the hole.
   
   Unlike outdoor gold, the object is to get the club in the hole
   and keep the balls out of the hole.
   
  For most effective play, the club should have a firm shaft.
   Course owners are permitted to check shaft stiffness before play
   begins.
   
  Course owners reserve the right to restrict club length to
   avoid damage to the hole.
   
   The object of the game is to take as many strokes as necessary
   until the course owner is satisfied that the play is complete.
   Failure to do so may result in being denied permission to play the
   course again.
   
   It is considered bad form to begin playing the hole
   immediately upon arrival at the course. The experienced player
   will normally take time to admire the entire course, with special
   attention to well formed bunkers.
   
   Players are cautioned not to mention other courses they have
   played or are currently playing, to the owner of the course being
   played. Upset course owners have been known to damage player's
   equipment for this reason.
   
   Players are encouraged to bring proper rain gear for their own
   protection.
   
   Players should assure themselves that their match has been
   properly scheduled, particularly when a new course is being played
   for the first time. Previous players have been known to become
   irate if they discover someone else playing on what they consider
   to be a private course.
   
   Players should not assume a course is in shape for play at all
   times. Some players may be embarrassed if they find the course to
   be temporarily under repair. Players are advised to be extremely
   tactful in this situation. More advanced players will find
   alternative means of play when this is the case.
   
   Players are advised to obtain the course owner's permission
   before attempting to play the back nine.
   
   Slow play is encouraged. However, players should be prepared
   to proceed at a quicker pace, at least temporarily, at the course
   owner's request.
   
   It is considered outstanding performance, time permitting, to
   play the same hole several times in one match.
   
   The course owner will be the judge of who is the best player.
   
  



From basejump@rice.eduWed May 14 19:09:01 1997
Date: 8 MAY 1997 19:45:46 GMT 
From: Christopher Lee Stokely <basejump@rice.edu>
Newsgroups: alt.beer
Subject: beer better than Jesus 

TOP TEN REASONS WHY BEER IS BETTER THAN JESUS

10. No one will kill you for not drinking beer.

9. Beer doesn't tell you how to have sex.

8. Beer has never caused a major war.

7. They don't force beer on minors who can't think for themselves.

6. When you have beer, you don't knock on people's doors trying to give
it away.

5. Nobody's ever been burned at the stake, hanged, or tortured to death
over his brand of beer.

4. You don't have to wait 2,000+ years for a second beer.

3. There are laws saying that beer labels can't lie to you.

2. You can prove you have a beer.

1. If you have devoted your life to beer, there are groups to help you
stop.

-- 
Helen Robertson
cheetah@master.ceat.okstate.edu

...
"Beer is living proof that God loves us."
  -Ben Franklin



>>> >          Sung to "Do Re Mi" from The Sound of Music
>>> >
>>> >  DOUGH... the stuff, that buys me beer
>>> >
>>> >  RAY..... the guy that sells me beer
>>> >
>>> >  ME...... the one, who drinks the beer
>>> >
>>> >  FAR..... a long run to get beer
>>> >
>>> >  SO...... I'll have another beer
>>> >
>>> >  LA...... La la la la la  beer
>>> >
>>> >  TEA...... no thanks, I'm drinking beer
>>> >
>>> >  That will leave me with no DOUGH.....
>>> >
>>> >
>>> >                     M.Beam


 
         This is an Eleven Step Guide to Being Handy Around The House
         ------------------------------------------------------------
 
  1.  If you can't find a screwdriver, use a knife.  If you break
      off the tip, it's an improved screwdriver.
 
  2.  Try to work alone, an audience is rarely any help.
 
  3.  Despite what you may have been told by your mother, praying and
      cursing are both helpful in home repair...but only if you are
      working alone.
 
  4.  Work in the kitchen whenever you can...many fine tools are there.
      Its warm and dry, and you are close to the refrigerator.
 
  5.  If it's electronic, get a new one, or consult a twelve-year-old.
 
  6.  Stay simple minded, Plug it in, Get a new battery, Replace the
      bulb or fuse, See if the tank is empty, Try turning it to the
      "on" switch, or Just paint over it.
 
  7.  Always take credit for miracles.  If you dropped the alarm clock
      while taking it apart, and it suddenly starts working, you have
      healed it.
 
  8.  Regardless what people say, kicking, pounding, throwing, and
      shaking sometimes DOES help.
 
  9.  If something looks level, it is level.
 
 10.  If at first you don't succeed, redefine sccess.
 
 11.  Above all, if what you've done is stupid, but it works, it aint stupid!
 



From bect@mailbox.uq.edu.au Sun Sep 21 14:06:34 1997
Date: 20 Sep 1997 10:55:31 GMT
From: bcc <bect@mailbox.uq.edu.au>
Newsgroups: alt.beer
Subject: Beer Facts

Posted without permission of RALPH magazine.

?	Beer is apparently cheaper now than it ever was, relative to income.  In
1925, a gentleman could spend his weeks pay and get 77 tallies (750 mL
bottles).  The same gentleman in 1957 could spend his weeks wage on 89
bottles.  1969's average wage netted 93 bottles of beer, and in 1997, the
average wage can buy 119 bottles of beer, or 90 litres a week.

?	In 1876, Melbourne had 1049 pubs for a population of under 800,000
people, which works out at one pub for every 725 men, women, and children. 
In the same year, Ballarat in Victoria had one pub for every 180 people.

?	The strongest beer in the world is Baz's Super Brew, brewed by Barrie
Parish and sold only at the Parish Brewery in Somerby UK.  It is 23 per
cent ABV.

?	The oldest brewery in the world is Weihenstephen Brewery in Freising,
near Munich Germany.  It was founded in 1040AD.

?	The Czechs are the worlds greatest beer drinkers, downing approximately
160 litres per head (1994).  The most sozzled city in the world is Darwin,
NT, Australia, where punters drink 230 litres per person per year.

?	The largest collection of beer coasters in the world is owned by Leo
Pisker of Austria, and numbers 70,000.       

?	The longest bar in the world used to be the bar at the Mildura Workers
Club, but sadly no longer exists.  Now the longest bar is the bar in the
Beer Barrel Saloon, in Ohio USA.  It measures in at 123 metres long, and
has 55 beer taps.

?	The world record for sculling a gallon (4.5 litres) of beer is 3 minutes,
35 seconds, by David Arsenault of Canada.  This also includes a 1 minute
penalty for spilling.

?	The ring pull can was invented in 1962.  Before that, every keyring
included a "church key", used for puncturing  the can.

?	If your beer is "piss weak", you could try "lienting" it.  This 17th
century English practice means "to put urine into it to make it strong".

?	1,742,000,000 litres of beer was produced in Australia in 1995.  This
number had fallen by 60 million litres since 1992.
-- 
Mr Floppy

"Beer makes you feel as you ought to feel without beer."
Henry Lawson



========
Newsgroups: talk.bizarre
Subject: Re: more advertising ideas
From: MATTHEW_SKALA@ansuz.sooke.bc.ca
Date: Sat, 17 May 97 11:36:26 PDT

KLUDGE@NETCOM.COM writes:
> I consider it amazing that nobody has yet considered a beer utility, with
> beer piped directly from the factory to the home.  Light and dark running

Security is the eternal problem of utilities.  Few people steal water
from the distribution pipes because it's so cheap that it's not worth
the effort involved.  Few people steal electricity because it's pretty
cheap too and requires special skills to handle safely.  Few people
steal sewage for obvious reasons.  Lots of people steal cable
television, because it's priced way above the cost of delivery, thus the
escalation of the scrambling and piracy wars.

Now, beer is something worth stealing.  Furthermore, your best customers
are likely to be buildings full of engineering students.  Just try
building a student-proof beer meter!  If they can't bypass the measuring
system, they'll break the microcontroller and make it report whatever
numbers they want.

Consider the social effects of a beer utility.  Of course, someone would
pass a law requiring a cardswipe device at every tap, to protect
innocent children, at which point the ACLU would sue, taking valuable
dollars away from their net freedom campaign.  Since it costs a fair bit
to do a credit card verification, the price per use would quickly
approach what you'd pay elsewhere.  It'd be taxed to death, too.  Maybe
they'd even put a regulator in the meter to prevent it dispensing more
than N pints per day, thereby defeating the original purpose of
preventing drunk drivers when partygoers go out for fresh supplies.

People would publish studies pointing out correlations between violent
crime and the availability of the beer utility, neglecting to point out
that crime happens in cities and cities are the only place where it's
cost-effective to set up.  Do-gooding teatotallers would make trouble by
refusing to allow you to run the pipes under their property, and
campaigning for public land to be the same way.

Unless you kept the pipes really thin and the flow rate up, requiring
strong pipes and high pressures, you'd have a lot of beer sitting in the
pipes at any given moment, going stale all the time.  You might just as
well re-route the output of the urinals to the taps and create a
self-contained beer loop.

Now, a nanobrewery in your fridge... there's an idea!

-- 
Matthew_Skala@ansuz.sooke.bc.ca, hacking Delphi for MPR in Burnaby

 * RM 1.3 00829 * "your melon is all waxed then you got to ice her jits" -jjp


From keith@kaplan.demon.co.uk Thu Oct 30 20:21:53 1997
Date: Tue, 28 Oct 1997 10:15:21 -0000
From: Keith Russell <keith@kaplan.demon.co.uk>
Newsgroups: rec.humor, alt.humor, alt.tasteless.jokes, alt.humor.puns,
    aus.jokes
Subject: Re: A prayer

Hmmm...listening to Chris Evans on Virgin this morning were you??


Elisabeth Owen wrote in message <34562E24.66D3@mfs01.cc.monash.edu.au>...
>Our lager,
>Which art in barrels,
>Hallowed be thy drink.
>Thy will be drunk, (I will be drunk),
>At home as it is in the pub.
>Give us this day our foamy head,
>And forgive us our spillages,
>As we forgive those who spill against us.
>And lead us not to incarceration,
>But deliver us from hangovers.
>For thine is the beer, The bitter, The lager.
>Barmen.




The Internet Wiretap edition of

BEOWULF

From The Harvard Classics, Volume 49.
Copyright, 1910 by P.F. Collier & Son.

This text is in the public domain, released July 1993.

Prepared by Robin Katsuya-Corbet <corbet@astro.psu.edu>
from scanner output provided by Internet Wiretap.


          B E O W U L F

Translated by Francis B. Gummere

PRELUDE OF THE FOUNDER OF THE DANISH HOUSE

LO, praise of the prowess of people-kings
of spear-armed Danes, in days long sped,
we have heard, and what honor the athelings
    won!
Oft Scyld the Scefing from squadroned foes,
from many a tribe, the mead-bench tore,
awing the earls. Since erst he lay
friendless, a foundling, fate repaid him:
for he waxed under welkin, in wealth he throve,
till before him the folk, both far and near,
who house by the whale-path, heard his mandate,
gave him gifts: a good king he!
To him an heir was afterward born,
a son in his halls, whom heaven sent
to favor the folk, feeling their woe
that erst they had lacked an earl for leader
so long a while; the Lord endowed him,
the Wielder of Wonder, with world's renown.
Famed was this Beowulf:[1] far flew the boast of him,
son of Scyld, in the Scandian lands.
So becomes it a youth to quit him well
with his father's friends, by fee and gift,
that to aid him, aged, in after days,
come warriors willing, should war draw nigh,
liegemen loyal: by lauded deeds
shall an earl have honor in every clan.
Forth he fared at the fated moment,
sturdy Scyld to the shelter of God.
Then they bore him over to ocean's billow,
loving clansmen, as late he charged them,
while wielded words the winsome Scyld,
the leader beloved who long had ruled....
In the roadstead rocked a ring-dight vessel,
ice-flecked, outbound, atheling's barge:
there laid they down their darling lord
on the breast of the boat, the breaker-of-rings,[2]
by the mast the mighty one. Many a treasure
fetched from far was freighted with him.
No ship have I known so nobly dight
with weapons of war and weeds of battle,
with breastplate and blade: on his bosom lay
a heaped hoard that hence should go
far o'er the flood with him floating away.
No less these loaded the lordly gifts,
thanes' huge treasure, than those had done
who in former time forth had sent him
sole on the seas, a suckling child.
High o'er his head they hoist the standard,
a gold-wove banner; let billows take him,
gave him to ocean. Grave were their spirits,
mournful their mood. No man is able
to say in sooth, no son of the halls,
no hero 'neath heaven, -- who harbored that freight!

[1] Not, of course, Beowulf the Great, hero of the epic.
[2] Kenning for king or chieftain of a comitatus: he breaks off gold from
the spiral rings -- often worn on the arm -- and so rewards his followers.


I

Now Beowulf bode in the burg of the Scyldings,
leader beloved, and long he ruled
in fame with all folk, since his father had gone
away from the world, till awoke an heir,
haughty Healfdene, who held through life,
sage and sturdy, the Scyldings glad.
Then, one after one, there woke to him,
to the chieftain of clansmen, children four:
Heorogar, then Hrothgar, then Halga brave;
and I heard that -- was --'s queen,
the Heathoscylfing's helpmate dear.
To Hrothgar was given such glory of war,
such honor of combat, that all his kin
obeyed him gladly till great grew his band
of youthful comrades. It came in his mind
to bid his henchmen a hall uprear,
a master mead-house, mightier far
than ever was seen by the sons of earth,
and within it, then, to old and young
he would all allot that the Lord had sent him,
save only the land and the lives of his men.
Wide, I heard, was the work commanded,
for many a tribe this mid-earth round,
to fashion the folkstead. It fell, as he ordered,
in rapid achievement that ready it stood there,
of halls the noblest: Heorot[1] he named it
whose message had might in many a land.
Not reckless of promise, the rings he dealt,
treasure at banquet: there towered the hall,
high, gabled wide, the hot surge waiting
of furious flame.[2] Nor far was that day
when father and son-in-law stood in feud
for warfare and hatred that woke again.[3]
  With envy and anger an evil spirit
endured the dole in his dark abode,
that he heard each day the din of revel
high in the hall: there harps rang out,
clear song of the singer. He sang who knew[4]
tales of the early time of man,
how the Almighty made the earth,
fairest fields enfolded by water,
set, triumphant, sun and moon
for a light to lighten the land-dwellers,
and braided bright the breast of earth
with limbs and leaves, made life for all
of mortal beings that breathe and move.
  So lived the clansmen in cheer and revel
a winsome life, till one began
to fashion evils, that field of hell.
Grendel this monster grim was called,
march-riever[5] mighty, in moorland living,
in fen and fastness; fief of the giants
the hapless wight a while had kept
since the Creator his exile doomed.
On kin of Cain was the killing avenged
by sovran God for slaughtered Abel.
Ill fared his feud,[6] and far was he driven,
for the slaughter's sake, from sight of men.
Of Cain awoke all that woful breed,
Etins[7] and elves and evil-spirits,
as well as the giants that warred with God
weary while: but their wage was paid them!

[1] That is, "The Hart," or "Stag," so called from decorations in the
gables that resembled the antlers of a deer. This hall has been carefully
described in a pamphlet by Heyne. The building was rectangular, with
opposite doors -- mainly west and east -- and a hearth in the middle of the
single room. A row of pillars down each side, at some distance from
the walls, made a space which was raised a little above the main floor,
and was furnished with two rows of seats. On one side, usually south,
was the high-seat midway between the doors. Opposite this, on the other
raised space, was another seat of honor. At the banquet soon to be
described, Hrothgar sat in the south or chief high-seat, and Beowulf oppo-
site to him. The scene for a flying (see below, v.499) was thus very
effectively set. Planks on trestles -- the "board" of later English litera-
ture -- formed the tables just in front of the long rows of seats, and were
taken away after banquets, when the retainers were ready to stretch them-
selves out for sleep on the benches.
[2] Fire was the usual end of these halls. See v. 781 below. One thinks
of the splendid scene at the end of the Nibelungen, of the Nialssaga, of
Saxo's story of Amlethus, and many a less famous instance.
[3] It is to be supposed that all hearers of this poem knew how Hrothgar's
hall was burnt, -- perhaps in the unsuccessful attack made on him by his
son-in-law Ingeld.
[4] A skilled minstrel. The Danes are heathens, as one is told presently;
but this lay of beginnings is taken from Genesis.
[5] A disturber of the border, one who sallies from his haunt in the fen
and roams over the country near by. This probably pagan nuisance is now
furnished with biblical credentials as a fiend or devil in good standing, so
that all Christian Englishmen might read about him. "Grendel" may
mean one who grinds and crushes.
[6] Cain's.
[7] Giants.


II

WENT he forth to find at fall of night
that haughty house, and heed wherever
the Ring-Danes, outrevelled, to rest had gone.
Found within it the atheling band
asleep after feasting and fearless of sorrow,
of human hardship. Unhallowed wight,
grim and greedy, he grasped betimes,
wrathful, reckless, from resting-places,
thirty of the thanes, and thence he rushed
fain of his fell spoil, faring homeward,
laden with slaughter, his lair to seek.
Then at the dawning, as day was breaking,
the might of Grendel to men was known;
then after wassail was wail uplifted,
loud moan in the morn. The mighty chief,
atheling excellent, unblithe sat,
labored in woe for the loss of his thanes,
when once had been traced the trail of the fiend,
spirit accurst: too cruel that sorrow,
too long, too loathsome. Not late the respite;
with night returning, anew began
ruthless murder; he recked no whit,
firm in his guilt, of the feud and crime.
They were easy to find who elsewhere sought
in room remote their rest at night,
bed in the bowers,[1] when that bale was shown,
was seen in sooth, with surest token, --
the hall-thane's[2] hate. Such held themselves
far and fast who the fiend outran!
Thus ruled unrighteous and raged his fill
one against all; until empty stood
that lordly building, and long it bode so.
Twelve years' tide the trouble he bore,
sovran of Scyldings, sorrows in plenty,
boundless cares. There came unhidden
tidings true to the tribes of men,
in sorrowful songs, how ceaselessly Grendel
harassed Hrothgar, what hate he bore him,
what murder and massacre, many a year,
feud unfading, -- refused consent
to deal with any of Daneland's earls,
make pact of peace, or compound for gold:
still less did the wise men ween to get
great fee for the feud from his fiendish hands.
But the evil one ambushed old and young
death-shadow dark, and dogged them still,
lured, or lurked in the livelong night
of misty moorlands: men may say not
where the haunts of these Hell-Runes[3] be.
Such heaping of horrors the hater of men,
lonely roamer, wrought unceasing,
harassings heavy. O'er Heorot he lorded,
gold-bright hall, in gloomy nights;
and ne'er could the prince[4] approach his throne,
-- 'twas judgment of God, -- or have joy in his hall.
Sore was the sorrow to Scyldings'-friend,
heart-rending misery. Many nobles
sat assembled, and searched out counsel
how it were best for bold-hearted men
against harassing terror to try their hand.
Whiles they vowed in their heathen fanes
altar-offerings, asked with words[5]
that the slayer-of-souls would succor give them
for the pain of their people. Their practice this,
their heathen hope; 'twas Hell they thought of
in mood of their mind. Almighty they knew not,
Doomsman of Deeds and dreadful Lord,
nor Heaven's-Helmet heeded they ever,
Wielder-of-Wonder. -- Woe for that man
who in harm and hatred hales his soul
to fiery embraces; -- nor favor nor change
awaits he ever. But well for him
that after death-day may draw to his Lord,
and friendship find in the Father's arms!

[1] The smaller buildings within the main enclosure but separate from
the hall.
[2] Grendel.
[3] "Sorcerers-of-hell."
[4] Hrothgar, who is the "Scyldings'-friend" of 170.
[5] That is, in formal or prescribed phrase.


III

THUS seethed unceasing the son of Healfdene
with the woe of these days; not wisest men
assuaged his sorrow; too sore the anguish,
loathly and long, that lay on his folk,
most baneful of burdens and bales of the night.

This heard in his home Hygelac's thane,
great among Geats, of Grendel's doings.
He was the mightiest man of valor
in that same day of this our life,
stalwart and stately. A stout wave-walker
he bade make ready. Yon battle-king, said he,
far o'er the swan-road he fain would seek,
the noble monarch who needed men!
The prince's journey by prudent folk
was little blamed, though they loved him dear;
they whetted the hero, and hailed good omens.
And now the bold one from bands of Geats
comrades chose, the keenest of warriors
e'er he could find; with fourteen men
the sea-wood[1] he sought, and, sailor proved,
led them on to the land's confines.
  Time had now flown;[2] afloat was the ship,
boat under bluff. On board they climbed,
warriors ready; waves were churning
sea with sand; the sailors bore
on the breast of the bark their bright array,
their mail and weapons: the men pushed off,
on its willing way, the well-braced craft.
Then moved o'er the waters by might of the wind
that bark like a bird with breast of foam,
till in season due, on the second day,
the curved prow such course had run
that sailors now could see the land,
sea-cliffs shining, steep high hills,
headlands broad. Their haven was found,
their journey ended. Up then quickly
the Weders'[3] clansmen climbed ashore,
anchored their sea-wood, with armor clashing
and gear of battle: God they thanked
for passing in peace o'er the paths of the sea.
  Now saw from the cliff a Scylding clansman,
a warden that watched the water-side,
how they bore o'er the gangway glittering shields,
war-gear in readiness; wonder seized him
to know what manner of men they were.
Straight to the strand his steed he rode,
Hrothgar's henchman; with hand of might
he shook his spear, and spake in parley.
"Who are ye, then, ye armed men,
mailed folk, that yon mighty vessel
have urged thus over the ocean ways,
here o'er the waters? A warden I,
sentinel set o'er the sea-march here,
lest any foe to the folk of Danes
with harrying fleet should harm the land.
No aliens ever at ease thus bore them,
linden-wielders:[4] yet word-of-leave
clearly ye lack from clansmen here,
my folk's agreement. -- A greater ne'er saw I
of warriors in world than is one of you, --
yon hero in harness! No henchman he
worthied by weapons, if witness his features,
his peerless presence! I pray you, though, tell
your folk and home, lest hence ye fare
suspect to wander your way as spies
in Danish land. Now, dwellers afar,
ocean-travellers, take from me
simple advice: the sooner the better
I hear of the country whence ye came."

[1] Ship.
[2] That is, since Beowulf selected his ship and led his men to the harbor.
[3] One of the auxiliary names of the Geats.
[4] Or: Not thus openly ever came warriors hither; yet...


IV

To him the stateliest spake in answer;
the warriors' leader his word-hoard unlocked:--
"We are by kin of the clan of Geats,
and Hygelac's own hearth-fellows we.
To folk afar was my father known,
noble atheling, Ecgtheow named.
Full of winters, he fared away
aged from earth; he is honored still
through width of the world by wise men all.
To thy lord and liege in loyal mood
we hasten hither, to Healfdene's son,
people-protector: be pleased to advise us!
To that mighty-one come we on mickle errand,
to the lord of the Danes; nor deem I right
that aught be hidden. We hear -- thou knowest
if sooth it is -- the saying of men,
that amid the Scyldings a scathing monster,
dark ill-doer, in dusky nights
shows terrific his rage unmatched,
hatred and murder. To Hrothgar I
in greatness of soul would succor bring,
so the Wise-and-Brave[1] may worst his foes, --
if ever the end of ills is fated,
of cruel contest, if cure shall follow,
and the boiling care-waves cooler grow;
else ever afterward anguish-days
he shall suffer in sorrow while stands in place
high on its hill that house unpeered!"
Astride his steed, the strand-ward answered,
clansman unquailing: "The keen-souled thane
must be skilled to sever and sunder duly
words and works, if he well intends.
I gather, this band is graciously bent
to the Scyldings' master. March, then, bearing
weapons and weeds the way I show you.
I will bid my men your boat meanwhile
to guard for fear lest foemen come, --
your new-tarred ship by shore of ocean
faithfully watching till once again
it waft o'er the waters those well-loved thanes,
-- winding-neck'd wood, -- to Weders' bounds,
heroes such as the hest of fate
shall succor and save from the shock of war."
They bent them to march, -- the boat lay still,
fettered by cable and fast at anchor,
broad-bosomed ship. -- Then shone the boars[2]
over the cheek-guard; chased with gold,
keen and gleaming, guard it kept
o'er the man of war, as marched along
heroes in haste, till the hall they saw,
broad of gable and bright with gold:
that was the fairest, 'mid folk of earth,
of houses 'neath heaven, where Hrothgar lived,
and the gleam of it lightened o'er lands afar.
The sturdy shieldsman showed that bright
burg-of-the-boldest; bade them go
straightway thither; his steed then turned,
hardy hero, and hailed them thus:--
"Tis time that I fare from you. Father Almighty
in grace and mercy guard you well,
safe in your seekings. Seaward I go,
'gainst hostile warriors hold my watch."

[1] Hrothgar.
[2] Beowulf's helmet has several boar-images on it; he is the "man of
war"; and the boar-helmet guards him as typical representative of the
marching party as a whole. The boar was sacred to Freyr, who was the
favorite god of the Germanic tribes about the North Sea and the Baltic.
Rude representations of warriors show the boar on the helmet quite as
large as the helmet itself.


V

STONE-BRIGHT the street:[1] it showed the way
to the crowd of clansmen. Corselets glistened
hand-forged, hard; on their harness bright
the steel ring sang, as they strode along
in mail of battle, and marched to the hall.
There, weary of ocean, the wall along
they set their bucklers, their broad shields, down,
and bowed them to bench: the breastplates clanged,
war-gear of men; their weapons stacked,
spears of the seafarers stood together,
gray-tipped ash: that iron band
was worthily weaponed! -- A warrior proud
asked of the heroes their home and kin.
"Whence, now, bear ye burnished shields,
harness gray and helmets grim,
spears in multitude? Messenger, I,
Hrothgar's herald! Heroes so many
ne'er met I as strangers of mood so strong.
'Tis plain that for prowess, not plunged into exile,
for high-hearted valor, Hrothgar ye seek!"
Him the sturdy-in-war bespake with words,
proud earl of the Weders answer made,
hardy 'neath helmet:--"Hygelac's, we,
fellows at board; I am Beowulf named.
I am seeking to say to the son of Healfdene
this mission of mine, to thy master-lord,
the doughty prince, if he deign at all
grace that we greet him, the good one, now."
Wulfgar spake, the Wendles' chieftain,
whose might of mind to many was known,
his courage and counsel: "The king of Danes,
the Scyldings' friend, I fain will tell,
the Breaker-of-Rings, as the boon thou askest,
the famed prince, of thy faring hither,
and, swiftly after, such answer bring
as the doughty monarch may deign to give."
Hied then in haste to where Hrothgar sat
white-haired and old, his earls about him,
till the stout thane stood at the shoulder there
of the Danish king: good courtier he!
Wulfgar spake to his winsome lord:--
"Hither have fared to thee far-come men
o'er the paths of ocean, people of Geatland;
and the stateliest there by his sturdy band
is Beowulf named. This boon they seek,
that they, my master, may with thee
have speech at will: nor spurn their prayer
to give them hearing, gracious Hrothgar!
In weeds of the warrior worthy they,
methinks, of our liking; their leader most surely,
a hero that hither his henchmen has led."

[1] Either merely paved, the strata via of the Romans, or else thought of
as a sort of mosaic, an extravagant touch like the reckless waste of gold
on the walls and roofs of a hall.


VI

HROTHGAR answered, helmet of Scyldings:--
"I knew him of yore in his youthful days;
his aged father was Ecgtheow named,
to whom, at home, gave Hrethel the Geat
his only daughter. Their offspring bold
fares hither to seek the steadfast friend.
And seamen, too, have said me this, --
who carried my gifts to the Geatish court,
thither for thanks, -- he has thirty men's
heft of grasp in the gripe of his hand,
the bold-in-battle. Blessed God
out of his mercy this man hath sent
to Danes of the West, as I ween indeed,
against horror of Grendel. I hope to give
the good youth gold for his gallant thought.
Be thou in haste, and bid them hither,
clan of kinsmen, to come before me;
and add this word, -- they are welcome guests
to folk of the Danes."
                      [To the door of the hall
Wulfgar went] and the word declared:--
"To you this message my master sends,
East-Danes' king, that your kin he knows,
hardy heroes, and hails you all
welcome hither o'er waves of the sea!
Ye may wend your way in war-attire,
and under helmets Hrothgar greet;
but let here the battle-shields bide your parley,
and wooden war-shafts wait its end."
  Uprose the mighty one, ringed with his men,
brave band of thanes: some bode without,
battle-gear guarding, as bade the chief.
Then hied that troop where the herald led them,
under Heorot's roof: [the hero strode,]
hardy 'neath helm, till the hearth he neared.
Beowulf spake, -- his breastplate gleamed,
war-net woven by wit of the smith:--
"Thou Hrothgar, hail! Hygelac's I,
kinsman and follower. Fame a plenty
have I gained in youth! These Grendel-deeds
I heard in my home-land heralded clear.
Seafarers say how stands this hall,
of buildings best, for your band of thanes
empty and idle, when evening sun
in the harbor of heaven is hidden away.
So my vassals advised me well, --
brave and wise, the best of men, --
O sovran Hrothgar, to seek thee here,
for my nerve and my might they knew full well.
Themselves had seen me from slaughter come
blood-flecked from foes, where five I bound,
and that wild brood worsted. I' the waves I slew
nicors[1] by night, in need and peril
avenging the Weders,[2] whose woe they sought, --
crushing the grim ones. Grendel now,
monster cruel, be mine to quell
in single battle! So, from thee,
thou sovran of the Shining-Danes,
Scyldings'-bulwark, a boon I seek, --
and, Friend-of-the-folk, refuse it not,
O Warriors'-shield, now I've wandered far, --
that I alone with my liegemen here,
this hardy band, may Heorot purge!
More I hear, that the monster dire,
in his wanton mood, of weapons recks not;
hence shall I scorn -- so Hygelac stay,
king of my kindred, kind to me! --
brand or buckler to bear in the fight,
gold-colored targe: but with gripe alone
must I front the fiend and fight for life,
foe against foe. Then faith be his
in the doom of the Lord whom death shall take.
Fain, I ween, if the fight he win,
in this hall of gold my Geatish band
will he fearless eat, -- as oft before, --
my noblest thanes. Nor need'st thou then
to hide my head;[3] for his shall I be,
dyed in gore, if death must take me;
and my blood-covered body he'll bear as prey,
ruthless devour it, the roamer-lonely,
with my life-blood redden his lair in the fen:
no further for me need'st food prepare!
To Hygelac send, if Hild[4] should take me,
best of war-weeds, warding my breast,
armor excellent, heirloom of Hrethel
and work of Wayland.[5] Fares Wyrd[6] as she must."

[1] The nicor, says Bugge, is a hippopotamus; a walrus, says ten Brink.
But that water-goblin who covers the space from Old Nick of jest to the
Neckan and Nix of poetry and tale, is all one needs, and Nicor is a good
name for him.
[2] His own people, the Geats.
[3] That is, cover it as with a face-cloth. "There will be no need of
funeral rites."
[4] Personification of Battle.
[5] The Germanic Vulcan.
[6] This mighty power, whom the Christian poet can still revere, has here
the general force of "Destiny."


VII

HROTHGAR spake, the Scyldings'-helmet:--
"For fight defensive, Friend my Beowulf,
to succor and save, thou hast sought us here.
Thy father's combat[1] a feud enkindled
when Heatholaf with hand he slew
among the Wylfings; his Weder kin
for horror of fighting feared to hold him.
Fleeing, he sought our South-Dane folk,
over surge of ocean the Honor-Scyldings,
when first I was ruling the folk of Danes,
wielded, youthful, this widespread realm,
this hoard-hold of heroes. Heorogar was dead,
my elder brother, had breathed his last,
Healfdene's bairn: he was better than I!
Straightway the feud with fee[2] I settled,
to the Wylfings sent, o'er watery ridges,
treasures olden: oaths he[3] swore me.
  Sore is my soul to say to any
of the race of man what ruth for me
in Heorot Grendel with hate hath wrought,
what sudden harryings. Hall-folk fail me,
my warriors wane; for Wyrd hath swept them
into Grendel's grasp. But God is able
this deadly foe from his deeds to turn!
Boasted full oft, as my beer they drank,
earls o'er the ale-cup, armed men,
that they would bide in the beer-hall here,
Grendel's attack with terror of blades.
Then was this mead-house at morning tide
dyed with gore, when the daylight broke,
all the boards of the benches blood-besprinkled,
gory the hall: I had heroes the less,
doughty dear-ones that death had reft.
-- But sit to the banquet, unbind thy words,
hardy hero, as heart shall prompt thee."

Gathered together, the Geatish men
in the banquet-hall on bench assigned,
sturdy-spirited, sat them down,
hardy-hearted. A henchman attended,
carried the carven cup in hand,
served the clear mead. Oft minstrels sang
blithe in Heorot. Heroes revelled,
no dearth of warriors, Weder and Dane.

[1] There is no irrelevance here. Hrothgar sees in Beowulf's mission a
heritage of duty, a return of the good offices which the Danish king ren-
dered to Beowulf's father in time of dire need.
[2] Money, for wergild, or man-price.
[3] Ecgtheow, Beowulf's sire.


VIII

UNFERTH spake, the son of Ecglaf,
who sat at the feet of the Scyldings' lord,
unbound the battle-runes.[1] -- Beowulf's quest,
sturdy seafarer's, sorely galled him;
ever he envied that other men
should more achieve in middle-earth
of fame under heaven than he himself. --
"Art thou that Beowulf, Breca's rival,
who emulous swam on the open sea,
when for pride the pair of you proved the floods,
and wantonly dared in waters deep
to risk your lives? No living man,
or lief or loath, from your labor dire
could you dissuade, from swimming the main.
Ocean-tides with your arms ye covered,
with strenuous hands the sea-streets measured,
swam o'er the waters. Winter's storm
rolled the rough waves. In realm of sea
a sennight strove ye. In swimming he topped thee,
had more of main! Him at morning-tide
billows bore to the Battling Reamas,
whence he hied to his home so dear
beloved of his liegemen, to land of Brondings,
fastness fair, where his folk he ruled,
town and treasure. In triumph o'er thee
Beanstan's bairn[2] his boast achieved.
So ween I for thee a worse adventure
-- though in buffet of battle thou brave hast been,
in struggle grim, -- if Grendel's approach
thou darst await through the watch of night!"

  Beowulf spake, bairn of Ecgtheow:--
"What a deal hast uttered, dear my Unferth,
drunken with beer, of Breca now,
told of his triumph! Truth I claim it,
that I had more of might in the sea
than any man else, more ocean-endurance.
We twain had talked, in time of youth,
and made our boast, -- we were merely boys,
striplings still, -- to stake our lives
far at sea: and so we performed it.
Naked swords, as we swam along,
we held in hand, with hope to guard us
against the whales. Not a whit from me
could he float afar o'er the flood of waves,
haste o'er the billows; nor him I abandoned.
Together we twain on the tides abode
five nights full till the flood divided us,
churning waves and chillest weather,
darkling night, and the northern wind
ruthless rushed on us: rough was the surge.
Now the wrath of the sea-fish rose apace;
yet me 'gainst the monsters my mailed coat,
hard and hand-linked, help afforded, --
battle-sark braided my breast to ward,
garnished with gold. There grasped me firm
and haled me to bottom the hated foe,
with grimmest gripe. 'Twas granted me, though,
to pierce the monster with point of sword,
with blade of battle: huge beast of the sea
was whelmed by the hurly through hand of mine.

[1] "Began the fight."
[2] Breca.


IX

ME thus often the evil monsters
thronging threatened. With thrust of my sword,
the darling, I dealt them due return!
Nowise had they bliss from their booty then
to devour their victim, vengeful creatures,
seated to banquet at bottom of sea;
but at break of day, by my brand sore hurt,
on the edge of ocean up they lay,
put to sleep by the sword. And since, by them
on the fathomless sea-ways sailor-folk
are never molested. -- Light from east,
came bright God's beacon; the billows sank,
so that I saw the sea-cliffs high,
windy walls. For Wyrd oft saveth
earl undoomed if he doughty be!
And so it came that I killed with my sword
nine of the nicors. Of night-fought battles
ne'er heard I a harder 'neath heaven's dome,
nor adrift on the deep a more desolate man!
Yet I came unharmed from that hostile clutch,
though spent with swimming. The sea upbore me,
flood of the tide, on Finnish land,
the welling waters. No wise of thee
have I heard men tell such terror of falchions,
bitter battle. Breca ne'er yet,
not one of you pair, in the play of war
such daring deed has done at all
with bloody brand, -- I boast not of it! --
though thou wast the bane[1] of thy brethren dear,
thy closest kin, whence curse of hell
awaits thee, well as thy wit may serve!
For I say in sooth, thou son of Ecglaf,
never had Grendel these grim deeds wrought,
monster dire, on thy master dear,
in Heorot such havoc, if heart of thine
were as battle-bold as thy boast is loud!
But he has found no feud will happen;
from sword-clash dread of your Danish clan
he vaunts him safe, from the Victor-Scyldings.
He forces pledges, favors none
of the land of Danes, but lustily murders,
fights and feasts, nor feud he dreads
from Spear-Dane men. But speedily now
shall I prove him the prowess and pride of the Geats,
shall bid him battle. Blithe to mead
go he that listeth, when light of dawn
this morrow morning o'er men of earth,
ether-robed sun from the south shall beam!"
  Joyous then was the Jewel-giver,
hoar-haired, war-brave; help awaited
the Bright-Danes' prince, from Beowulf hearing,
folk's good shepherd, such firm resolve.
Then was laughter of liegemen loud resounding
with winsome words. Came Wealhtheow forth,
queen of Hrothgar, heedful of courtesy,
gold-decked, greeting the guests in hall;
and the high-born lady handed the cup
first to the East-Danes' heir and warden,
bade him be blithe at the beer-carouse,
the land's beloved one. Lustily took he
banquet and beaker, battle-famed king.
Through the hall then went the Helmings' Lady,
to younger and older everywhere
carried the cup, till come the moment
when the ring-graced queen, the royal-hearted,
to Beowulf bore the beaker of mead.
She greeted the Geats' lord, God she thanked,
in wisdom's words, that her will was granted,
that at last on a hero her hope could lean
for comfort in terrors. The cup he took,
hardy-in-war, from Wealhtheow's hand,
and answer uttered the eager-for-combat.
Beowulf spake, bairn of Ecgtheow:--
"This was my thought, when my thanes and I
bent to the ocean and entered our boat,
that I would work the will of your people
fully, or fighting fall in death,
in fiend's gripe fast. I am firm to do
an earl's brave deed, or end the days
of this life of mine in the mead-hall here."
Well these words to the woman seemed,
Beowulf's battle-boast. -- Bright with gold
the stately dame by her spouse sat down.
Again, as erst, began in hall
warriors' wassail and words of power,
the proud-band's revel, till presently
the son of Healfdene hastened to seek
rest for the night; he knew there waited
fight for the fiend in that festal hall,
when the sheen of the sun they saw no more,
and dusk of night sank darkling nigh,
and shadowy shapes came striding on,
wan under welkin. The warriors rose.
Man to man, he made harangue,
Hrothgar to Beowulf, bade him hail,
let him wield the wine hall: a word he added:--
"Never to any man erst I trusted,
since I could heave up hand and shield,
this noble Dane-Hall, till now to thee.
Have now and hold this house unpeered;
remember thy glory; thy might declare;
watch for the foe! No wish shall fail thee
if thou bidest the battle with bold-won life."

[1] Murder.


X

THEN Hrothgar went with his hero-train,
defence-of-Scyldings, forth from hall;
fain would the war-lord Wealhtheow seek,
couch of his queen. The King-of-Glory
against this Grendel a guard had set,
so heroes heard, a hall-defender,
who warded the monarch and watched for the monster.
In truth, the Geats' prince gladly trusted
his mettle, his might, the mercy of God!
Cast off then his corselet of iron,
helmet from head; to his henchman gave, --
choicest of weapons, -- the well-chased sword,
bidding him guard the gear of battle.
Spake then his Vaunt the valiant man,
Beowulf Geat, ere the bed be sought:--
"Of force in fight no feebler I count me,
in grim war-deeds, than Grendel deems him.
Not with the sword, then, to sleep of death
his life will I give, though it lie in my power.
No skill is his to strike against me,
my shield to hew though he hardy be,
bold in battle; we both, this night,
shall spurn the sword, if he seek me here,
unweaponed, for war. Let wisest God,
sacred Lord, on which side soever
doom decree as he deemeth right."
Reclined then the chieftain, and cheek-pillows held
the head of the earl, while all about him
seamen hardy on hall-beds sank.
None of them thought that thence their steps
to the folk and fastness that fostered them,
to the land they loved, would lead them back!
Full well they wist that on warriors many
battle-death seized, in the banquet-hall,
of Danish clan. But comfort and help,
war-weal weaving, to Weder folk
the Master gave, that, by might of one,
over their enemy all prevailed,
by single strength. In sooth 'tis told
that highest God o'er human kind
hath wielded ever! -- Thro' wan night striding,
came the walker-in-shadow. Warriors slept
whose hest was to guard the gabled hall, --
all save one. 'Twas widely known
that against God's will the ghostly ravager
him[1] could not hurl to haunts of darkness;
wakeful, ready, with warrior's wrath,
bold he bided the battle's issue.

[1] Beowulf, -- the "one."


XI

THEN from the moorland, by misty crags,
with God's wrath laden, Grendel came.
The monster was minded of mankind now
sundry to seize in the stately house.
Under welkin he walked, till the wine-palace there,
gold-hall of men, he gladly discerned,
flashing with fretwork. Not first time, this,
that he the home of Hrothgar sought, --
yet ne'er in his life-day, late or early,
such hardy heroes, such hall-thanes, found!
To the house the warrior walked apace,
parted from peace;[1] the portal opended,
though with forged bolts fast, when his fists had
      struck it,
and baleful he burst in his blatant rage,
the house's mouth. All hastily, then,
o'er fair-paved floor the fiend trod on,
ireful he strode; there streamed from his eyes
fearful flashes, like flame to see.
He spied in hall the hero-band,
kin and clansmen clustered asleep,
hardy liegemen. Then laughed his heart;
for the monster was minded, ere morn should dawn,
savage, to sever the soul of each,
life from body, since lusty banquet
waited his will! But Wyrd forbade him
to seize any more of men on earth
after that evening. Eagerly watched
Hygelac's kinsman his cursed foe,
how he would fare in fell attack.
Not that the monster was minded to pause!
Straightway he seized a sleeping warrior
for the first, and tore him fiercely asunder,
the bone-frame bit, drank blood in streams,
swallowed him piecemeal: swiftly thus
the lifeless corse was clear devoured,
e'en feet and hands. Then farther he hied;
for the hardy hero with hand he grasped,
felt for the foe with fiendish claw,
for the hero reclining, -- who clutched it boldly,
prompt to answer, propped on his arm.
Soon then saw that shepherd-of-evils
that never he met in this middle-world,
in the ways of earth, another wight
with heavier hand-gripe; at heart he feared,
sorrowed in soul, -- none the sooner escaped!
Fain would he flee, his fastness seek,
the den of devils: no doings now
such as oft he had done in days of old!
  Then bethought him the hardy Hygelac-thane
of his boast at evening: up he bounded,
grasped firm his foe, whose fingers cracked.
The fiend made off, but the earl close followed.
The monster meant -- if he might at all --
to fling himself free, and far away
fly to the fens, -- knew his fingers' power
in the gripe of the grim one. Gruesome march
to Heorot this monster of harm had made!
Din filled the room; the Danes were bereft,
castle-dwellers and clansmen all,
earls, of their ale. Angry were both
those savage hall-guards: the house resounded.
Wonder it was the wine-hall firm
in the strain of their struggle stood, to earth
the fair house fell not; too fast it was
within and without by its iron bands
craftily clamped; though there crashed from sill
many a mead-bench -- men have told me --
gay with gold, where the grim foes wrestled.
So well had weened the wisest Scyldings
that not ever at all might any man
that bone-decked, brave house break asunder,
crush by craft, -- unless clasp of fire
in smoke engulfed it. -- Again uprose
din redoubled. Danes of the North
with fear and frenzy were filled, each one,
who from the wall that wailing heard,
God's foe sounding his grisly song,
cry of the conquered, clamorous pain
from captive of hell. Too closely held him
he who of men in might was strongest
in that same day of this our life.

[1] That is, he was a "lost soul," doomed to hell.


XII

NOT in any wise would the earls'-defence[1]
suffer that slaughterous stranger to live,
useless deeming his days and years
to men on earth. Now many an earl
of Beowulf brandished blade ancestral,
fain the life of their lord to shield,
their praised prince, if power were theirs;
never they knew, -- as they neared the foe,
hardy-hearted heroes of war,
aiming their swords on every side
the accursed to kill, -- no keenest blade,
no farest of falchions fashioned on earth,
could harm or hurt that hideous fiend!
He was safe, by his spells, from sword of battle,
from edge of iron. Yet his end and parting
on that same day of this our life
woful should be, and his wandering soul
far off flit to the fiends' domain.
Soon he found, who in former days,
harmful in heart and hated of God,
on many a man such murder wrought,
that the frame of his body failed him now.
For him the keen-souled kinsman of Hygelac
held in hand; hateful alive
was each to other. The outlaw dire
took mortal hurt; a mighty wound
showed on his shoulder, and sinews cracked,
and the bone-frame burst. To Beowulf now
the glory was given, and Grendel thence
death-sick his den in the dark moor sought,
noisome abode: he knew too well
that here was the last of life, an end
of his days on earth. -- To all the Danes
by that bloody battle the boon had come.
From ravage had rescued the roving stranger
Hrothgar's hall; the hardy and wise one
had purged it anew. His night-work pleased him,
his deed and its honor. To Eastern Danes
had the valiant Geat his vaunt made good,
all their sorrow and ills assuaged,
their bale of battle borne so long,
and all the dole they erst endured
pain a-plenty. -- 'Twas proof of this,
when the hardy-in-fight a hand laid down,
arm and shoulder, -- all, indeed,
of Grendel's gripe, -- 'neath the gabled roof

[1] Kenning for Beowulf.


XIII

MANY at morning, as men have told me,
warriors gathered the gift-hall round,
folk-leaders faring from far and near,
o'er wide-stretched ways, the wonder to view,
trace of the traitor. Not troublous seemed
the enemy's end to any man
who saw by the gait of the graceless foe
how the weary-hearted, away from thence,
baffled in battle and banned, his steps
death-marked dragged to the devils' mere.
Bloody the billows were boiling there,
turbid the tide of tumbling waves
horribly seething, with sword-blood hot,
by that doomed one dyed, who in den of the moor
laid forlorn his life adown,
his heathen soul,-and hell received it.
  Home then rode the hoary clansmen
from that merry journey, and many a youth,
on horses white, the hardy warriors,
back from the mere. Then Beowulf's glory
eager they echoed, and all averred
that from sea to sea, or south or north,
there was no other in earth's domain,
under vault of heaven, more valiant found,
of warriors none more worthy to rule!
(On their lord beloved they laid no slight,
gracious Hrothgar: a good king he!)
  From time to time, the tried-in-battle
their gray steeds set to gallop amain,
and ran a race when the road seemed fair.
From time to time, a thane of the king,
who had made many vaunts, and was mindful of verses,
stored with sagas and songs of old,
bound word to word in well-knit rime,
welded his lay; this warrior soon
of Beowulf's quest right cleverly sang,
and artfully added an excellent tale,
in well-ranged words, of the warlike deeds
he had heard in saga of Sigemund.
Strange the story: he said it all, --
the Waelsing's wanderings wide, his struggles,
which never were told to tribes of men,
the feuds and the frauds, save to Fitela only,
when of these doings he deigned to speak,
uncle to nephew; as ever the twain
stood side by side in stress of war,
and multitude of the monster kind
they had felled with their swords. Of Sigemund
      grew,
when he passed from life, no little praise;
for the doughty-in-combat a dragon killed
that herded the hoard:[1] under hoary rock
the atheling dared the deed alone
fearful quest, nor was Fitela there.
Yet so it befell, his falchion pierced
that wondrous worm, -- on the wall it struck,
best blade; the dragon died in its blood.
Thus had the dread-one by daring achieved
over the ring-hoard to rule at will,
himself to pleasure; a sea-boat he loaded,
and bore on its bosom the beaming gold,
son of Waels; the worm was consumed.
He had of all heroes the highest renown
among races of men, this refuge-of-warriors,
for deeds of daring that decked his name
since the hand and heart of Heremod
grew slack in battle. He, swiftly banished
to mingle with monsters at mercy of foes,
to death was betrayed; for torrents of sorrow
had lamed him too long; a load of care
to earls and athelings all he proved.
Oft indeed, in earlier days,
for the warrior's wayfaring wise men mourned,
who had hoped of him help from harm and bale,
and had thought their sovran's son would thrive,
follow his father, his folk protect,
the hoard and the stronghold, heroes' land,
home of Scyldings. -- But here, thanes said,
the kinsman of Hygelac kinder seemed
to all: the other[2] was urged to crime!
  And afresh to the race,[3] the fallow roads
by swift steeds measured! The morning sun
was climbing higher. Clansmen hastened
to the high-built hall, those hardy-minded,
the wonder to witness. Warden of treasure,
crowned with glory, the king himself,
with stately band from the bride-bower strode;
and with him the queen and her crowd of maidens
measured the path to the mead-house fair.

[1] "Guarded the treasure."
[2] Sc. Heremod.
[3] The singer has sung his lays, and the epic resumes its story. The
time-relations are not altogether good in this long passage which describes
the rejoicings of "the day after"; but the present shift from the riders
on the road to the folk at the hall is not very violent, and is of a piece
with the general style.


XIV

HROTHGAR spake, -- to the hall he went,
stood by the steps, the steep roof saw,
garnished with gold, and Grendel's hand:--
"For the sight I see to the Sovran Ruler
be speedy thanks! A throng of sorrows
I have borne from Grendel; but God still works
wonder on wonder, the Warden-of-Glory.
It was but now that I never more
for woes that weighed on me waited help
long as I lived, when, laved in blood,
stood sword-gore-stained this stateliest house, --
widespread woe for wise men all,
who had no hope to hinder ever
foes infernal and fiendish sprites
from havoc in hall. This hero now,
by the Wielder's might, a work has done
that not all of us erst could ever do
by wile and wisdom. Lo, well can she say
whoso of women this warrior bore
among sons of men, if still she liveth,
that the God of the ages was good to her
in the birth of her bairn. Now, Beowulf, thee,
of heroes best, I shall heartily love
as mine own, my son; preserve thou ever
this kinship new: thou shalt never lack
wealth of the world that I wield as mine!
Full oft for less have I largess showered,
my precious hoard, on a punier man,
less stout in struggle. Thyself hast now
fulfilled such deeds, that thy fame shall endure
through all the ages. As ever he did,
well may the Wielder reward thee still!"
Beowulf spake, bairn of Ecgtheow:--
"This work of war most willingly
we have fought, this fight, and fearlessly dared
force of the foe. Fain, too, were I
hadst thou but seen himself, what time
the fiend in his trappings tottered to fall!
Swiftly, I thought, in strongest gripe
on his bed of death to bind him down,
that he in the hent of this hand of mine
should breathe his last: but he broke away.
Him I might not -- the Maker willed not --
hinder from flight, and firm enough hold
the life-destroyer: too sturdy was he,
the ruthless, in running! For rescue, however,
he left behind him his hand in pledge,
arm and shoulder; nor aught of help
could the cursed one thus procure at all.
None the longer liveth he, loathsome fiend,
sunk in his sins, but sorrow holds him
tightly grasped in gripe of anguish,
in baleful bonds, where bide he must,
evil outlaw, such awful doom
as the Mighty Maker shall mete him out."

  More silent seemed the son of Ecglaf[1]
in boastful speech of his battle-deeds,
since athelings all, through the earl's great prowess,
beheld that hand, on the high roof gazing,
foeman's fingers, -- the forepart of each
of the sturdy nails to steel was likest, --
heathen's "hand-spear," hostile warrior's
claw uncanny. 'Twas clear, they said,
that him no blade of the brave could touch,
how keen soever, or cut away
that battle-hand bloody from baneful foe.

[1] Unferth, Beowulf's sometime opponent in the flyting.


XV

THERE was hurry and hest in Heorot now
for hands to bedeck it, and dense was the throng
of men and women the wine-hall to cleanse,
the guest-room to garnish. Gold-gay shone the
     hangings
that were wove on the wall, and wonders many
to delight each mortal that looks upon them.
Though braced within by iron bands,
that building bright was broken sorely;[1]
rent were its hinges; the roof alone
held safe and sound, when, seared with crime,
the fiendish foe his flight essayed,
of life despairing. -- No light thing that,
the flight for safety, -- essay it who will!
Forced of fate, he shall find his way
to the refuge ready for race of man,
for soul-possessors, and sons of earth;
and there his body on bed of death
shall rest after revel.
                                 Arrived was the hour
when to hall proceeded Healfdene's son:
the king himself would sit to banquet.
Ne'er heard I of host in haughtier throng
more graciously gathered round giver-of-rings!
Bowed then to bench those bearers-of-glory,
fain of the feasting. Featly received
many a mead-cup the mighty-in-spirit,
kinsmen who sat in the sumptuous hall,
Hrothgar and Hrothulf. Heorot now
was filled with friends; the folk of Scyldings
ne'er yet had tried the traitor's deed.
  To Beowulf gave the bairn of Healfdene
a gold-wove banner, guerdon of triumph,
broidered battle-flag, breastplate and helmet;
and a splendid sword was seen of many
borne to the brave one. Beowulf took
cup in hall:[2] for such costly gifts
he suffered no shame in that soldier throng.
For I heard of few heroes, in heartier mood,
with four such gifts, so fashioned with gold,
on the ale-bench honoring others thus!
O'er the roof of the helmet high, a ridge,
wound with wires, kept ward o'er the head,
lest the relict-of-files[3] should fierce invade,
sharp in the strife, when that shielded hero
should go to grapple against his foes.
Then the earls'-defence[4] on the floor[5] bade lead
coursers eight, with carven head-gear,
adown the hall: one horse was decked
with a saddle all shining and set in jewels;
'twas the battle-seat of the best of kings,
when to play of swords the son of Healfdene
was fain to fare. Ne'er failed his valor
in the crush of combat when corpses fell.
To Beowulf over them both then gave
the refuge-of-Ingwines right and power,
o'er war-steeds and weapons: wished him joy of them.
Manfully thus the mighty prince,
hoard-guard for heroes, that hard fight repaid
with steeds and treasures contemned by none
who is willing to say the sooth aright.

[1] There is no horrible inconsistency here such as the critics strive and
cry about. In spite of the ruin that Grendel and Beowulf had made within
the hall, the framework and roof held firm, and swift repairs made the
interior habitable. Tapestries were hung on the walls, and willing hands
prepared the banquet.
[2] From its formal use in other places, this phrase, to take cup in hall,
or "on the floor," would seem to mean that Beowulf stood up to receive
his gifts, drink to the donor, and say thanks.
[3] Kenning for sword.
[4] Hrothgar. He is also the "refuge of the friends of Ing," below. Ing
belongs to myth.
[5] Horses are frequently led or ridden into the hall where folk sit at
banquet: so in Chaucer's Squire's tale, in the ballad of King Estmere, and
in the romances.


XVI

AND the lord of earls, to each that came
with Beowulf over the briny ways,
an heirloom there at the ale-bench gave,
precious gift; and the price[1] bade pay
in gold for him whom Grendel erst
murdered, -- and fain of them more had killed,
had not wisest God their Wyrd averted,
and the man's[2] brave mood. The Maker then
ruled human kind, as here and now.
Therefore is insight always best,
and forethought of mind. How much awaits him
of lief and of loath, who long time here,
through days of warfare this world endures!

Then song and music mingled sounds
in the presence of Healfdene's head-of-armies[3]
and harping was heard with the hero-lay
as Hrothgar's singer the hall-joy woke
along the mead-seats, making his song
of that sudden raid on the sons of Finn.[4]
  Healfdene's hero, Hnaef the Scylding,
was fated to fall in the Frisian slaughter.[5]
Hildeburh needed not hold in value
her enemies' honor![6] Innocent both
were the loved ones she lost at the linden-play,
bairn and brother, they bowed to fate,
stricken by spears; 'twas a sorrowful woman!
None doubted why the daughter of Hoc
bewailed her doom when dawning came,
and under the sky she saw them lying,
kinsmen murdered, where most she had kenned
of the sweets of the world! By war were swept, too,
Finn's own liegemen, and few were left;
in the parleying-place[7] he could ply no longer
weapon, nor war could he wage on Hengest,
and rescue his remnant by right of arms
from the prince's thane. A pact he offered:
another dwelling the Danes should have,
hall and high-seat, and half the power
should fall to them in Frisian land;
and at the fee-gifts, Folcwald's son
day by day the Danes should honor,
the folk of Hengest favor with rings,
even as truly, with treasure and jewels,
with fretted gold, as his Frisian kin
he meant to honor in ale-hall there.
Pact of peace they plighted further
on both sides firmly. Finn to Hengest
with oath, upon honor, openly promised
that woful remnant, with wise-men's aid,
nobly to govern, so none of the guests
by word or work should warp the treaty,[8]
or with malice of mind bemoan themselves
as forced to follow their fee-giver's slayer,
lordless men, as their lot ordained.
Should Frisian, moreover, with foeman's taunt,
that murderous hatred to mind recall,
then edge of the sword must seal his doom.
Oaths were given, and ancient gold
heaped from hoard. -- The hardy Scylding,
battle-thane best,[9] on his balefire lay.
All on the pyre were plain to see
the gory sark, the gilded swine-crest,
boar of hard iron, and athelings many
slain by the sword: at the slaughter they fell.
It was Hildeburh's hest, at Hnaef's own pyre
the bairn of her body on brands to lay,
his bones to burn, on the balefire placed,
at his uncle's side. In sorrowful dirges
bewept them the woman: great wailing ascended.
Then wound up to welkin the wildest of death-fires,
roared o'er the hillock:[10] heads all were melted,
gashes burst, and blood gushed out
from bites[11] of the body. Balefire devoured,
greediest spirit, those spared not by war
out of either folk: their flower was gone.

[1] Man-price, wergild.
[2] Beowulf's.
[3] Hrothgar.
[4] There is no need to assume a gap in the Ms. As before about Sigemund
and Heremod, so now, though at greater length, about Finn and his feud,
a lay is chanted or recited; and the epic poet, counting on his readers'
familiarity with the story, -- a fragment of it still exists, -- 
simply gives the headings.
[5] The exact story to which this episode refers in summary is not to be
determined, but the following account of it is reasonable and has good
support among scholars. Finn, a Frisian chieftain, who nevertheless has
a "castle" outside the Frisian border, marries Hildeburh, a Danish prin-
cess; and her brother, Hnaef, with many other Danes, pays Finn a visit.
Relations between the two peoples have been strained before. Something
starts the old feud anew; and the visitors are attacked in their quarters.
Hnaef is killed; so is a son of Hildeburh. Many fall on both sides. Peace
is patched up; a stately funeral is held; and the surviving visitors become
in a way vassals or liegemen of Finn, going back with him to Frisia. So
matters rest a while. Hengest is now leader of the Danes; but he is set
upon revenge for his former lord, Hnaef. Probably he is killed in feud;
but his clansmen, Guthlaf and Oslaf, gather at their home a force of
sturdy Danes, come back to Frisia, storm Finn's stronghold, kill him, and
carry back their kinswoman Hildeburh.
[6] The "enemies" must be the Frisians.
[7] Battlefield. -- Hengest is the "prince's thane," companion of Hnaef.
"Folcwald's son" is Finn.
[8] That is, Finn would govern in all honor the few Danish warriors who
were left, provided, of course, that none of them tried to renew the quarrel
or avenge Hnaef their fallen lord. If, again, one of Finn's Frisians began
a quarrel, he should die by the sword.
[9] Hnaef.
[10] The high place chosen for the funeral: see description of Beowulf's
funeral-pile at the end of the poem.
[11] Wounds.


XVII

THEN hastened those heroes their home to see,
friendless, to find the Frisian land,
houses and high burg. Hengest still
through the death-dyed winter dwelt with Finn,
holding pact, yet of home he minded,
though powerless his ring-decked prow to drive
over the waters, now waves rolled fierce
lashed by the winds, or winter locked them
in icy fetters. Then fared another
year to men's dwellings, as yet they do,
the sunbright skies, that their season ever
duly await. Far off winter was driven;
fair lay earth's breast; and fain was the rover,
the guest, to depart, though more gladly he pondered
on wreaking his vengeance than roaming the deep,
and how to hasten the hot encounter
where sons of the Frisians were sure to be.
So he escaped not the common doom,
when Hun with "Lafing," the light-of-battle,
best of blades, his bosom pierced:
its edge was famed with the Frisian earls.
On fierce-heart Finn there fell likewise,
on himself at home, the horrid sword-death;
for Guthlaf and Oslaf of grim attack
had sorrowing told, from sea-ways landed,
mourning their woes.[1] Finn's wavering spirit
bode not in breast. The burg was reddened
with blood of foemen, and Finn was slain,
king amid clansmen; the queen was taken.
To their ship the Scylding warriors bore
all the chattels the chieftain owned,
whatever they found in Finn's domain
of gems and jewels. The gentle wife
o'er paths of the deep to the Danes they bore,
led to her land.
                          The lay was finished,
the gleeman's song. Then glad rose the revel;
bench-joy brightened. Bearers draw
from their "wonder-vats" wine. Comes Wealhtheow
       forth,
under gold-crown goes where the good pair sit,
uncle and nephew, true each to the other one,
kindred in amity. Unferth the spokesman
at the Scylding lord's feet sat: men had faith in his
     spirit,
his keenness of courage, though kinsmen had found
       him
unsure at the sword-play. The Scylding queen spoke:
"Quaff of this cup, my king and lord,
breaker of rings, and blithe be thou,
gold-friend of men; to the Geats here speak
such words of mildness as man should use.
Be glad with thy Geats; of those gifts be mindful,
or near or far, which now thou hast.
Men say to me, as son thou wishest
yon hero to hold. Thy Heorot purged,
jewel-hall brightest, enjoy while thou canst,
with many a largess; and leave to thy kin
folk and realm when forth thou goest
to greet thy doom. For gracious I deem
my Hrothulf,[2] willing to hold and rule
nobly our youths, if thou yield up first,
prince of Scyldings, thy part in the world.
I ween with good he will well requite
offspring of ours, when all he minds
that for him we did in his helpless days
of gift and grace to gain him honor!"
Then she turned to the seat where her sons were
      placed,
Hrethric and Hrothmund, with heroes' bairns,
young men together: the Geat, too, sat there,
Beowulf brave, the brothers between.

[1] That is, these two Danes, escaping home, had told the story of the
attack on Hnaef, the slaying of Hengest, and all the Danish woes. Collect-
ing a force, they return to Frisia and kill Finn in his home.
[2] Nephew to Hrothgar, with whom he subsequently quarrels, and elder
cousin to the two young sons of Hrothgar and Wealhtheow, -- their natural
guardian in the event of the king's death. There is something finely femi-
nine in this speech of Wealhtheow's, apart from its somewhat irregular and
irrelevant sequence of topics. Both she and her lord probably distrust
Hrothulf; but she bids the king to be of good cheer, and, turning to the
suspect, heaps affectionate assurances on his probity. "My own Hrothulf"
will surely not forget these favors and benefits of the past, but will repay
them to the orphaned boy.


XVIII

A CUP she gave him, with kindly greeting
and winsome words. Of wounden gold,
she offered, to honor him, arm-jewels twain,
corselet and rings, and of collars the noblest
that ever I knew the earth around.
Ne'er heard I so mighty, 'neath heaven's dome,
a hoard-gem of heroes, since Hama bore
to his bright-built burg the Brisings' necklace,
jewel and gem casket. -- Jealousy fled he,
Eormenric's hate: chose help eternal.
Hygelac Geat, grandson of Swerting,
on the last of his raids this ring bore with him,
under his banner the booty defending,
the war-spoil warding; but Wyrd o'erwhelmed him
what time, in his daring, dangers he sought,
feud with Frisians. Fairest of gems
he bore with him over the beaker-of-waves,
sovran strong: under shield he died.
Fell the corpse of the king into keeping of Franks,
gear of the breast, and that gorgeous ring;
weaker warriors won the spoil,
after gripe of battle, from Geatland's lord,
and held the death-field.
                          Din rose in hall.
Wealhtheow spake amid warriors, and said:--
"This jewel enjoy in thy jocund youth,
Beowulf lov'd, these battle-weeds wear,
a royal treasure, and richly thrive!
Preserve thy strength, and these striplings here
counsel in kindness: requital be mine.
Hast done such deeds, that for days to come
thou art famed among folk both far and near,
so wide as washeth the wave of Ocean
his windy walls. Through the ways of life
prosper, O prince! I pray for thee
rich possessions. To son of mine
be helpful in deed and uphold his joys!
Here every earl to the other is true,
mild of mood, to the master loyal!
Thanes are friendly, the throng obedient,
liegemen are revelling: list and obey!"
  Went then to her place. -- That was proudest of
     feasts;
flowed wine for the warriors. Wyrd they knew not,
destiny dire, and the doom to be seen
by many an earl when eve should come,
and Hrothgar homeward hasten away,
royal, to rest. The room was guarded
by an army of earls, as erst was done.
They bared the bench-boards; abroad they spread
beds and bolsters. -- One beer-carouser
in danger of doom lay down in the hall. --
At their heads they set their shields of war,
bucklers bright; on the bench were there
over each atheling, easy to see,
the high battle-helmet, the haughty spear,
the corselet of rings. 'Twas their custom so
ever to be for battle prepared,
at home, or harrying, which it were,
even as oft as evil threatened
their sovran king. -- They were clansmen good.


XIX

  THEN sank they to sleep. With sorrow one bought
his rest of the evening, -- as ofttime had happened
when Grendel guarded that golden hall,
evil wrought, till his end drew nigh,
slaughter for sins. 'Twas seen and told
how an avenger survived the fiend,
as was learned afar. The livelong time
after that grim fight, Grendel's mother,
monster of women, mourned her woe.
She was doomed to dwell in the dreary waters,
cold sea-courses, since Cain cut down
with edge of the sword his only brother,
his father's offspring: outlawed he fled,
marked with murder, from men's delights
warded the wilds. -- There woke from him
such fate-sent ghosts as Grendel, who,
war-wolf horrid, at Heorot found
a warrior watching and waiting the fray,
with whom the grisly one grappled amain.
But the man remembered his mighty power,
the glorious gift that God had sent him,
in his Maker's mercy put his trust
for comfort and help: so he conquered the foe,
felled the fiend, who fled abject,
reft of joy, to the realms of death,
mankind's foe. And his mother now,
gloomy and grim, would go that quest
of sorrow, the death of her son to avenge.
To Heorot came she, where helmeted Danes
slept in the hall. Too soon came back
old ills of the earls, when in she burst,
the mother of Grendel. Less grim, though, that terror,
e'en as terror of woman in war is less,
might of maid, than of men in arms
when, hammer-forged, the falchion hard,
sword gore-stained, through swine of the helm,
crested, with keen blade carves amain.
Then was in hall the hard-edge drawn,
the swords on the settles,[1] and shields a-many
firm held in hand: nor helmet minded
nor harness of mail, whom that horror seized.
  Haste was hers; she would hie afar
and save her life when the liegemen saw her.
Yet a single atheling up she seized
fast and firm, as she fled to the moor.
He was for Hrothgar of heroes the dearest,
of trusty vassals betwixt the seas,
whom she killed on his couch, a clansman famous,
in battle brave. -- Nor was Beowulf there;
another house had been held apart,
after giving of gold, for the Geat renowned. --
Uproar filled Heorot; the hand all had viewed,
blood-flecked, she bore with her; bale was returned,
dole in the dwellings: 'twas dire exchange
where Dane and Geat were doomed to give
the lives of loved ones. Long-tried king,
the hoary hero, at heart was sad
when he knew his noble no more lived,
and dead indeed was his dearest thane.
To his bower was Beowulf brought in haste,
dauntless victor. As daylight broke,
along with his earls the atheling lord,
with his clansmen, came where the king abode
waiting to see if the Wielder-of-All
would turn this tale of trouble and woe.
Strode o'er floor the famed-in-strife,
with his hand-companions, -- the hall resounded, --
wishing to greet the wise old king,
Ingwines' lord; he asked if the night
had passed in peace to the prince's mind.

[1] They had laid their arms on the benches near where they slept.


XX

HROTHGAR spake, helmet-of-Scyldings:--
"Ask not of pleasure! Pain is renewed
to Danish folk. Dead is Aeschere,
of Yrmenlaf the elder brother,
my sage adviser and stay in council,
shoulder-comrade in stress of fight
when warriors clashed and we warded our heads,
hewed the helm-boars; hero famed
should be every earl as Aeschere was!
But here in Heorot a hand hath slain him
of wandering death-sprite. I wot not whither,[1]
proud of the prey, her path she took,
fain of her fill. The feud she avenged
that yesternight, unyieldingly,
Grendel in grimmest grasp thou killedst, --
seeing how long these liegemen mine
he ruined and ravaged. Reft of life,
in arms he fell. Now another comes,
keen and cruel, her kin to avenge,
faring far in feud of blood:
so that many a thane shall think, who e'er
sorrows in soul for that sharer of rings,
this is hardest of heart-bales. The hand lies low
that once was willing each wish to please.
Land-dwellers here[2] and liegemen mine,
who house by those parts, I have heard relate
that such a pair they have sometimes seen,
march-stalkers mighty the moorland haunting,
wandering spirits: one of them seemed,
so far as my folk could fairly judge,
of womankind; and one, accursed,
in man's guise trod the misery-track
of exile, though huger than human bulk.
Grendel in days long gone they named him,
folk of the land; his father they knew not,
nor any brood that was born to him
of treacherous spirits. Untrod is their home;
by wolf-cliffs haunt they and windy headlands,
fenways fearful, where flows the stream
from mountains gliding to gloom of the rocks,
underground flood. Not far is it hence
in measure of miles that the mere expands,
and o'er it the frost-bound forest hanging,
sturdily rooted, shadows the wave.
By night is a wonder weird to see,
fire on the waters. So wise lived none
of the sons of men, to search those depths!
Nay, though the heath-rover, harried by dogs,
the horn-proud hart, this holt should seek,
long distance driven, his dear life first
on the brink he yields ere he brave the plunge
to hide his head: 'tis no happy place!
Thence the welter of waters washes up
wan to welkin when winds bestir
evil storms, and air grows dusk,
and the heavens weep. Now is help once more
with thee alone! The land thou knowst not,
place of fear, where thou findest out
that sin-flecked being. Seek if thou dare!
I will reward thee, for waging this fight,
with ancient treasure, as erst I did,
with winding gold, if thou winnest back."

[1] He surmises presently where she is.
[2] The connection is not difficult. The words of mourning, of acute grief,
are said; and according to Germanic sequence of thought, inexorable here,
the next and only topic is revenge. But is it possible? Hrothgar leads up
to his appeal and promise with a skillful and often effective description of
the horrors which surround the monster's home and await the attempt of
an avenging foe.


XXI

BEOWULF spake, bairn of Ecgtheow:
"Sorrow not, sage! It beseems us better
friends to avenge than fruitlessly mourn them.
Each of us all must his end abide
in the ways of the world; so win who may
glory ere death! When his days are told,
that is the warrior's worthiest doom.
Rise, O realm-warder! Ride we anon,
and mark the trail of the mother of Grendel.
No harbor shall hide her -- heed my promise! --
enfolding of field or forested mountain
or floor of the flood, let her flee where she will!
But thou this day endure in patience,
as I ween thou wilt, thy woes each one."
Leaped up the graybeard: God he thanked,
mighty Lord, for the man's brave words.
For Hrothgar soon a horse was saddled
wave-maned steed. The sovran wise
stately rode on; his shield-armed men
followed in force. The footprints led
along the woodland, widely seen,
a path o'er the plain, where she passed, and trod
the murky moor; of men-at-arms
she bore the bravest and best one, dead,
him who with Hrothgar the homestead ruled.
  On then went the atheling-born
o'er stone-cliffs steep and strait defiles,
narrow passes and unknown ways,
headlands sheer, and the haunts of the Nicors.
Foremost he[1] fared, a few at his side
of the wiser men, the ways to scan,
till he found in a flash the forested hill
hanging over the hoary rock,
a woful wood: the waves below
were dyed in blood. The Danish men
had sorrow of soul, and for Scyldings all,
for many a hero, 'twas hard to bear,
ill for earls, when Aeschere's head
they found by the flood on the foreland there.
Waves were welling, the warriors saw,
hot with blood; but the horn sang oft
battle-song bold. The band sat down,
and watched on the water worm-like things,
sea-dragons strange that sounded the deep,
and nicors that lay on the ledge of the ness --
such as oft essay at hour of morn
on the road-of-sails their ruthless quest, --
and sea-snakes and monsters. These started away,
swollen and savage that song to hear,
that war-horn's blast. The warden of Geats,
with bolt from bow, then balked of life,
of wave-work, one monster, amid its heart
went the keen war-shaft; in water it seemed
less doughty in swimming whom death had seized.
Swift on the billows, with boar-spears well
hooked and barbed, it was hard beset,
done to death and dragged on the headland,
wave-roamer wondrous. Warriors viewed
the grisly guest.
                        Then girt him Beowulf
in martial mail, nor mourned for his life.
His breastplate broad and bright of hues,
woven by hand, should the waters try;
well could it ward the warrior's body
that battle should break on his breast in vain
nor harm his heart by the hand of a foe.
And the helmet white that his head protected
was destined to dare the deeps of the flood,
through wave-whirl win: 'twas wound with chains,
decked with gold, as in days of yore
the weapon-smith worked it wondrously,
with swine-forms set it, that swords nowise,
brandished in battle, could bite that helm.
Nor was that the meanest of mighty helps
which Hrothgar's orator offered at need:
"Hrunting" they named the hilted sword,
of old-time heirlooms easily first;
iron was its edge, all etched with poison,
with battle-blood hardened, nor blenched it at fight
in hero's hand who held it ever,
on paths of peril prepared to go
to folkstead[2] of foes. Not first time this
it was destined to do a daring task.
For he bore not in mind, the bairn of Ecglaf
sturdy and strong, that speech he had made,
drunk with wine, now this weapon he lent
to a stouter swordsman. Himself, though, durst not
under welter of waters wager his life
as loyal liegeman. So lost he his glory,
honor of earls. With the other not so,
who girded him now for the grim encounter.

[1] Hrothgar is probably meant.
[2] Meeting place.


XXII

BEOWULF spake, bairn of Ecgtheow:--
"Have mind, thou honored offspring of Healfdene
gold-friend of men, now I go on this quest,
sovran wise, what once was said:
if in thy cause it came that I
should lose my life, thou wouldst loyal bide
to me, though fallen, in father's place!
Be guardian, thou, to this group of my thanes,
my warrior-friends, if War should seize me;
and the goodly gifts thou gavest me,
Hrothgar beloved, to Hygelac send!
Geatland's king may ken by the gold,
Hrethel's son see, when he stares at the treasure,
that I got me a friend for goodness famed,
and joyed while I could in my jewel-bestower.
And let Unferth wield this wondrous sword,
earl far-honored, this heirloom precious,
hard of edge: with Hrunting I
seek doom of glory, or Death shall take me."

After these words the Weder-Geat lord
boldly hastened, biding never
answer at all: the ocean floods
closed o'er the hero. Long while of the day
fled ere he felt the floor of the sea.
Soon found the fiend who the flood-domain
sword-hungry held these hundred winters,
greedy and grim, that some guest from above,
some man, was raiding her monster-realm.
She grasped out for him with grisly claws,
and the warrior seized; yet scathed she not
his body hale; the breastplate hindered,
as she strove to shatter the sark of war,
the linked harness, with loathsome hand.
Then bore this brine-wolf, when bottom she touched,
the lord of rings to the lair she haunted
whiles vainly he strove, though his valor held,
weapon to wield against wondrous monsters
that sore beset him; sea-beasts many
tried with fierce tusks to tear his mail,
and swarmed on the stranger. But soon he marked
he was now in some hall, he knew not which,
where water never could work him harm,
nor through the roof could reach him ever
fangs of the flood. Firelight he saw,
beams of a blaze that brightly shone.
Then the warrior was ware of that wolf-of-the-deep,
mere-wife monstrous. For mighty stroke
he swung his blade, and the blow withheld not.
Then sang on her head that seemly blade
its war-song wild. But the warrior found
the light-of-battle[1] was loath to bite,
to harm the heart: its hard edge failed
the noble at need, yet had known of old
strife hand to hand, and had helmets cloven,
doomed men's fighting-gear. First time, this,
for the gleaming blade that its glory fell.
  Firm still stood, nor failed in valor,
heedful of high deeds, Hygelac's kinsman;
flung away fretted sword, featly jewelled,
the angry earl; on earth it lay
steel-edged and stiff. His strength he trusted,
hand-gripe of might. So man shall do
whenever in war he weens to earn him
lasting fame, nor fears for his life!
Seized then by shoulder, shrank not from combat,
the Geatish war-prince Grendel's mother.
Flung then the fierce one, filled with wrath,
his deadly foe, that she fell to ground.
Swift on her part she paid him back
with grisly grasp, and grappled with him.
Spent with struggle, stumbled the warrior,
fiercest of fighting-men, fell adown.
On the hall-guest she hurled herself, hent her short
    sword,
broad and brown-edged,[2] the bairn to avenge,
the sole-born son. -- On his shoulder lay
braided breast-mail, barring death,
withstanding entrance of edge or blade.
Life would have ended for Ecgtheow's son,
under wide earth for that earl of Geats,
had his armor of war not aided him,
battle-net hard, and holy God
wielded the victory, wisest Maker.
The Lord of Heaven allowed his cause;
and easily rose the earl erect.

[1] Kenning for "sword." Hrunting is bewitched, laid under a spell of
uselessness, along with all other swords.
[2] This brown of swords, evidently meaning burnished, bright, continues to
be a favorite adjective in the popular ballads.


XXIII

'MID the battle-gear saw he a blade triumphant,
old-sword of Eotens, with edge of proof,
warriors' heirloom, weapon unmatched,
-- save only 'twas more than other men
to bandy-of-battle could bear at all --
as the giants had wrought it, ready and keen.
Seized then its chain-hilt the Scyldings' chieftain,
bold and battle-grim, brandished the sword,
reckless of life, and so wrathfully smote
that it gripped her neck and grasped her hard,
her bone-rings breaking: the blade pierced through
that fated-one's flesh: to floor she sank.
Bloody the blade: he was blithe of his deed.
Then blazed forth light. 'Twas bright within
as when from the sky there shines unclouded
heaven's candle. The hall he scanned.
By the wall then went he; his weapon raised
high by its hilts the Hygelac-thane,
angry and eager. That edge was not useless
to the warrior now. He wished with speed
Grendel to guerdon for grim raids many,
for the war he waged on Western-Danes
oftener far than an only time,
when of Hrothgar's hearth-companions
he slew in slumber, in sleep devoured,
fifteen men of the folk of Danes,
and as many others outward bore,
his horrible prey. Well paid for that
the wrathful prince! For now prone he saw
Grendel stretched there, spent with war,
spoiled of life, so scathed had left him
Heorot's battle. The body sprang far
when after death it endured the blow,
sword-stroke savage, that severed its head.
Soon,[1] then, saw the sage companions
who waited with Hrothgar, watching the flood,
that the tossing waters turbid grew,
blood-stained the mere. Old men together,
hoary-haired, of the hero spake;
the warrior would not, they weened, again,
proud of conquest, come to seek
their mighty master. To many it seemed
the wolf-of-the-waves had won his life.
The ninth hour came. The noble Scyldings
left the headland; homeward went
the gold-friend of men.[2] But the guests sat on,
stared at the surges, sick in heart,
and wished, yet weened not, their winsome lord
again to see.
                 Now that sword began,
from blood of the fight, in battle-droppings,[3]
war-blade, to wane: 'twas a wondrous thing
that all of it melted as ice is wont
when frosty fetters the Father loosens,
unwinds the wave-bonds, wielding all
seasons and times: the true God he!
  Nor took from that dwelling the duke of the Geats
precious things, though a plenty he saw,
save only the head and that hilt withal
blazoned with jewels: the blade had melted,
burned was the bright sword, her blood was so hot,
so poisoned the hell-sprite who perished within
there.
Soon he was swimming who safe saw in combat
downfall of demons; up-dove through the flood.
The clashing waters were cleansed now,
waste of waves, where the wandering fiend
her life-days left and this lapsing world.
Swam then to strand the sailors'-refuge,
sturdy-in-spirit, of sea-booty glad,
of burden brave he bore with him.
Went then to greet him, and God they thanked,
the thane-band choice of their chieftain blithe,
that safe and sound they could see him again.
Soon from the hardy one helmet and armor
deftly they doffed: now drowsed the mere,
water 'neath welkin, with war-blood stained.
  Forth they fared by the footpaths thence,
merry at heart the highways measured,
well-known roads. Courageous men
carried the head from the cliff by the sea,
an arduous task for all the band,
the firm in fight, since four were needed
on the shaft-of-slaughter[4] strenuously
to bear to the gold-hall Grendel's head.
So presently to the palace there
foemen fearless, fourteen Geats,
marching came. Their master-of-clan
mighty amid them the meadow-ways trod.
Strode then within the sovran thane
fearless in fight, of fame renowned,
hardy hero, Hrothgar to greet.
And next by the hair into hall was borne
Grendel's head, where the henchmen were drinking,
an awe to clan and queen alike,
a monster of marvel: the men looked on.

[1] After the killing of the monster and Grendel's decapitation.
[2] Hrothgar.
[3] The blade slowly dissolves in blood-stained drops like icicles. 
[4] Spear.


XXIV

BEOWULF spake, bairn of Ecgtheow:--
"Lo, now, this sea-booty, son of Healfdene,
Lord of Scyldings, we've lustily brought thee,
sign of glory; thou seest it here.
Not lightly did I with my life escape!
In war under water this work I essayed
with endless effort; and even so
my strength had been lost had the Lord not shielded
    me.
Not a whit could I with Hrunting do
in work of war, though the weapon is good;
yet a sword the Sovran of Men vouchsafed me
to spy on the wall there, in splendor hanging,
old, gigantic, -- how oft He guides
the friendless wight! -- and I fought with that brand,
felling in fight, since fate was with me,
the house's wardens. That war-sword then
all burned, bright blade, when the blood gushed o'er it,
battle-sweat hot; but the hilt I brought back
from my foes. So avenged I their fiendish deeds
death-fall of Danes, as was due and right.
And this is my hest, that in Heorot now
safe thou canst sleep with thy soldier band,
and every thane of all thy folk
both old and young; no evil fear,
Scyldings' lord, from that side again,
aught ill for thy earls, as erst thou must!"
Then the golden hilt, for that gray-haired leader,
hoary hero, in hand was laid,
giant-wrought, old. So owned and enjoyed it
after downfall of devils, the Danish lord,
wonder-smiths' work, since the world was rid
of that grim-souled fiend, the foe of God,
murder-marked, and his mother as well.
Now it passed into power of the people's king,
best of all that the oceans bound
who have scattered their gold o'er Scandia's isle.
Hrothgar spake -- the hilt he viewed,
heirloom old, where was etched the rise
of that far-off fight when the floods o'erwhelmed,
raging waves, the race of giants
(fearful their fate!), a folk estranged
from God Eternal: whence guerdon due
in that waste of waters the Wielder paid them.
So on the guard of shining gold
in runic staves it was rightly said
for whom the serpent-traced sword was wrought,
best of blades, in bygone days,
and the hilt well wound. -- The wise-one spake,
son of Healfdene; silent were all:--
  "Lo, so may he say who sooth and right
follows 'mid folk, of far times mindful,
a land-warden old,[1] that this earl belongs
to the better breed! So, borne aloft,
thy fame must fly, O friend my Beowulf,
far and wide o'er folksteads many. Firmly thou
    shalt all maintain,
mighty strength with mood of wisdom. Love of
    mine will I assure thee,
as, awhile ago, I promised; thou shalt prove a stay
    in future,
in far-off years, to folk of thine,
to the heroes a help. Was not Heremod thus
to offspring of Ecgwela, Honor-Scyldings,
nor grew for their grace, but for grisly slaughter,
for doom of death to the Danishmen.
He slew, wrath-swollen, his shoulder-comrades,
companions at board! So he passed alone,
chieftain haughty, from human cheer.
Though him the Maker with might endowed,
delights of power, and uplifted high
above all men, yet blood-fierce his mind,
his breast-hoard, grew, no bracelets gave he
to Danes as was due; he endured all joyless
strain of struggle and stress of woe,
long feud with his folk. Here find thy lesson!
Of virtue advise thee! This verse I have said
    for thee,
wise from lapsed winters. Wondrous seems
how to sons of men Almighty God
in the strength of His spirit sendeth wisdom,
estate, high station: He swayeth all things.
Whiles He letteth right lustily fare
the heart of the hero of high-born race, --
in seat ancestral assigns him bliss,
his folk's sure fortress in fee to hold,
puts in his power great parts of the earth,
empire so ample, that end of it
this wanter-of-wisdom weeneth none.
So he waxes in wealth, nowise can harm him
illness or age; no evil cares
shadow his spirit; no sword-hate threatens
from ever an enemy: all the world
wends at his will, no worse he knoweth,
till all within him obstinate pride
waxes and wakes while the warden slumbers,
the spirit's sentry; sleep is too fast
which masters his might, and the murderer nears,
stealthily shooting the shafts from his bow!

[1] That is, "whoever has as wide authority as I have and can remember
so far back so many instances of heroism, may well say, as I say, that no
better hero ever lived than Beowulf."



XXV

"UNDER harness his heart then is hit indeed
by sharpest shafts; and no shelter avails
from foul behest of the hellish fiend.[1]
Him seems too little what long he possessed.
Greedy and grim, no golden rings
he gives for his pride; the promised future
forgets he and spurns, with all God has sent
    him,
Wonder-Wielder, of wealth and fame.
Yet in the end it ever comes
that the frame of the body fragile yields,
fated falls; and there follows another
who joyously the jewels divides,
the royal riches, nor recks of his forebear.
Ban, then, such baleful thoughts, Beowulf dearest,
best of men, and the better part choose,
profit eternal; and temper thy pride,
warrior famous! The flower of thy might
lasts now a while: but erelong it shall be
that sickness or sword thy strength shall minish,
or fang of fire, or flooding billow,
or bite of blade, or brandished spear,
or odious age; or the eyes' clear beam
wax dull and darken: Death even thee
in haste shall o'erwhelm, thou hero of war!
So the Ring-Danes these half-years a hundred I
    ruled,
wielded 'neath welkin, and warded them bravely
from mighty-ones many o'er middle-earth,
from spear and sword, till it seemed for me
no foe could be found under fold of the sky.
Lo, sudden the shift! To me seated secure
came grief for joy when Grendel began
to harry my home, the hellish foe;
for those ruthless raids, unresting I suffered
heart-sorrow heavy. Heaven be thanked,
Lord Eternal, for life extended
that I on this head all hewn and bloody,
after long evil, with eyes may gaze!
-- Go to the bench now! Be glad at banquet,
warrior worthy! A wealth of treasure
at dawn of day, be dealt between us!"
  Glad was the Geats' lord, going betimes
to seek his seat, as the Sage commanded.
Afresh, as before, for the famed-in-battle,
for the band of the hall, was a banquet dight
nobly anew. The Night-Helm darkened
dusk o'er the drinkers.
                       The doughty ones rose:
for the hoary-headed would hasten to rest,
aged Scylding; and eager the Geat,
shield-fighter sturdy, for sleeping yearned.
Him wander-weary, warrior-guest
from far, a hall-thane heralded forth,
who by custom courtly cared for all
needs of a thane as in those old days
warrior-wanderers wont to have.
So slumbered the stout-heart. Stately the hall
rose gabled and gilt where the guest slept on
till a raven black the rapture-of-heaven[2]
blithe-heart boded. Bright came flying
shine after shadow. The swordsmen hastened,
athelings all were eager homeward
forth to fare; and far from thence
the great-hearted guest would guide his keel.
  Bade then the hardy-one Hrunting be brought
to the son of Ecglaf, the sword bade him take,
excellent iron, and uttered his thanks for it,
quoth that he counted it keen in battle,
"war-friend" winsome: with words he slandered not
edge of the blade: 'twas a big-hearted man!
Now eager for parting and armed at point
warriors waited, while went to his host
that Darling of Danes. The doughty atheling
to high-seat hastened and Hrothgar greeted.

[1] That is, he is now undefended by conscience from the temptations 
(shafts) of the devil.
[2] Kenning for the sun. -- This is a strange role for the raven. He is the
warrior's bird of battle, exults in slaughter and carnage; his joy here is a
compliment to the sunrise.


XXVI

  BEOWULF spake, bairn of Ecgtheow:--
"Lo, we seafarers say our will,
far-come men, that we fain would seek
Hygelac now. We here have found
hosts to our heart: thou hast harbored us well.
If ever on earth I am able to win me
more of thy love, O lord of men,
aught anew, than I now have done,
for work of war I am willing still!
If it come to me ever across the seas
that neighbor foemen annoy and fright thee, --
as they that hate thee erewhile have used, --
thousands then of thanes I shall bring,
heroes to help thee. Of Hygelac I know,
ward of his folk, that, though few his years,
the lord of the Geats will give me aid
by word and by work, that well I may serve thee,
wielding the war-wood to win thy triumph
and lending thee might when thou lackest men.
If thy Hrethric should come to court of Geats,
a sovran's son, he will surely there
find his friends. A far-off land
each man should visit who vaunts him brave."
  Him then answering, Hrothgar spake:--
"These words of thine the wisest God
sent to thy soul! No sager counsel
from so young in years e'er yet have I heard.
Thou art strong of main and in mind art wary,
art wise in words! I ween indeed
if ever it hap that Hrethel's heir
by spear be seized, by sword-grim battle,
by illness or iron, thine elder and lord,
people's leader, -- and life be thine, --
no seemlier man will the Sea-Geats find
at all to choose for their chief and king,
for hoard-guard of heroes, if hold thou wilt
thy kinsman's kingdom! Thy keen mind pleases me
the longer the better, Beowulf loved!
Thou hast brought it about that both our peoples,
sons of the Geat and Spear-Dane folk,
shall have mutual peace, and from murderous strife,
such as once they waged, from war refrain.
Long as I rule this realm so wide,
let our hoards be common, let heroes with gold
each other greet o'er the gannet's-bath,
and the ringed-prow bear o'er rolling waves
tokens of love. I trow my landfolk
towards friend and foe are firmly joined,
and honor they keep in the olden way."
  To him in the hall, then, Healfdene's son
gave treasures twelve, and the trust-of-earls
bade him fare with the gifts to his folk beloved,
hale to his home, and in haste return.
Then kissed the king of kin renowned,
Scyldings' chieftain, that choicest thane,
and fell on his neck. Fast flowed the tears
of the hoary-headed. Heavy with winters,
he had chances twain, but he clung to this,[1] --
that each should look on the other again,
and hear him in hall. Was this hero so dear to him.
his breast's wild billows he banned in vain;
safe in his soul a secret longing,
locked in his mind, for that loved man
burned in his blood. Then Beowulf strode,
glad of his gold-gifts, the grass-plot o'er,
warrior blithe. The wave-roamer bode
riding at anchor, its owner awaiting.
As they hastened onward, Hrothgar's gift
they lauded at length. -- 'Twas a lord unpeered,
every way blameless, till age had broken
-- it spareth no mortal -- his splendid might.

[1] That is, he might or might not see Beowulf again. Old as he was, the
latter chance was likely; but he clung to the former, hoping to see his
young friend again "and exchange brave words in the hall."


XXVII

CAME now to ocean the ever-courageous
hardy henchmen, their harness bearing,
woven war-sarks. The warden marked,
trusty as ever, the earl's return.
From the height of the hill no hostile words
reached the guests as he rode to greet them;
but "Welcome!" he called to that Weder clan
as the sheen-mailed spoilers to ship marched on.
Then on the strand, with steeds and treasure
and armor their roomy and ring-dight ship
was heavily laden: high its mast
rose over Hrothgar's hoarded gems.
A sword to the boat-guard Beowulf gave,
mounted with gold; on the mead-bench since
he was better esteemed, that blade possessing,
heirloom old. -- Their ocean-keel boarding,
they drove through the deep, and Daneland left.
A sea-cloth was set, a sail with ropes,
firm to the mast; the flood-timbers moaned;[1]
nor did wind over billows that wave-swimmer blow
across from her course. The craft sped on,
foam-necked it floated forth o'er the waves,
keel firm-bound over briny currents,
till they got them sight of the Geatish cliffs,
home-known headlands. High the boat,
stirred by winds, on the strand updrove.
Helpful at haven the harbor-guard stood,
who long already for loved companions
by the water had waited and watched afar.
He bound to the beach the broad-bosomed ship
with anchor-bands, lest ocean-billows
that trusty timber should tear away.
Then Beowulf bade them bear the treasure,
gold and jewels; no journey far
was it thence to go to the giver of rings,
Hygelac Hrethling: at home he dwelt
by the sea-wall close, himself and clan.
Haughty that house, a hero the king,
high the hall, and Hygd[2] right young,
wise and wary, though winters few
in those fortress walls she had found a home,
Haereth's daughter. Nor humble her ways,
nor grudged she gifts to the Geatish men,
of precious treasure. Not Thryth's pride showed she,
folk-queen famed, or that fell deceit.
Was none so daring that durst make bold
(save her lord alone) of the liegemen dear
that lady full in the face to look,
but forged fetters he found his lot,
bonds of death! And brief the respite;
soon as they seized him, his sword-doom was spoken,
and the burnished blade a baleful murder
proclaimed and closed. No queenly way
for woman to practise, though peerless she,
that the weaver-of-peace[3] from warrior dear
by wrath and lying his life should reave!
But Hemming's kinsman hindered this. --
  For over their ale men also told
that of these folk-horrors fewer she wrought,
onslaughts of evil, after she went,
gold-decked bride, to the brave young prince,
atheling haughty, and Offa's hall
o'er the fallow flood at her father's bidding
safely sought, where since she prospered,
royal, throned, rich in goods,
fain of the fair life fate had sent her,
and leal in love to the lord of warriors.
He, of all heroes I heard of ever
from sea to sea, of the sons of earth,
most excellent seemed. Hence Offa was praised
for his fighting and feeing by far-off men,
the spear-bold warrior; wisely he ruled
over his empire. Eomer woke to him,
help of heroes, Hemming's kinsman,
Grandson of Garmund, grim in war.

[1] With the speed of the boat.
[2] Queen to Hygelac. She is praised by contrast with the antitype, Thryth,
just as Beowulf was praised by contrast with Heremod.
[3] Kenning for "wife."


XXVIII

HASTENED the hardy one, henchmen with him,
sandy strand of the sea to tread
and widespread ways. The world's great candle,
sun shone from south. They strode along
with sturdy steps to the spot they knew
where the battle-king young, his burg within,
slayer of Ongentheow, shared the rings,
shelter-of-heroes. To Hygelac
Beowulf's coming was quickly told, --
that there in the court the clansmen's refuge,
the shield-companion sound and alive,
hale from the hero-play homeward strode.
With haste in the hall, by highest order,
room for the rovers was readily made.
By his sovran he sat, come safe from battle,
kinsman by kinsman. His kindly lord
he first had greeted in gracious form,
with manly words. The mead dispensing,
came through the high hall Haereth's daughter,
winsome to warriors, wine-cup bore
to the hands of the heroes. Hygelac then
his comrade fairly with question plied
in the lofty hall, sore longing to know
what manner of sojourn the Sea-Geats made.
"What came of thy quest, my kinsman Beowulf,
when thy yearnings suddenly swept thee yonder
battle to seek o'er the briny sea,
combat in Heorot? Hrothgar couldst thou
aid at all, the honored chief,
in his wide-known woes? With waves of care
my sad heart seethed; I sore mistrusted
my loved one's venture: long I begged thee
by no means to seek that slaughtering monster,
but suffer the South-Danes to settle their feud
themselves with Grendel. Now God be thanked
that safe and sound I can see thee now!"
  Beowulf spake, the bairn of Ecgtheow:--
"'Tis known and unhidden, Hygelac Lord,
to many men, that meeting of ours,
struggle grim between Grendel and me,
which we fought on the field where full too many
sorrows he wrought for the Scylding-Victors,
evils unending. These all I avenged.
No boast can be from breed of Grendel,
any on earth, for that uproar at dawn,
from the longest-lived of the loathsome race
in fleshly fold! -- But first I went
Hrothgar to greet in the hall of gifts,
where Healfdene's kinsman high-renowned,
soon as my purpose was plain to him,
assigned me a seat by his son and heir.
The liegemen were lusty; my life-days never
such merry men over mead in hall
have I heard under heaven! The high-born queen,
people's peace-bringer, passed through the hall,
cheered the young clansmen, clasps of gold,
ere she sought her seat, to sundry gave.
Oft to the heroes Hrothgar's daughter,
to earls in turn, the ale-cup tendered, --
she whom I heard these hall-companions
Freawaru name, when fretted gold
she proffered the warriors. Promised is she,
gold-decked maid, to the glad son of Froda.
Sage this seems to the Scylding's-friend,
kingdom's-keeper: he counts it wise
the woman to wed so and ward off feud,
store of slaughter. But seldom ever
when men are slain, does the murder-spear sink
but briefest while, though the bride be fair![1]
  "Nor haply will like it the Heathobard lord,
and as little each of his liegemen all,
when a thane of the Danes, in that doughty throng,
goes with the lady along their hall,
and on him the old-time heirlooms glisten
hard and ring-decked, Heathobard's treasure,
weapons that once they wielded fair
until they lost at the linden-play[2]
liegeman leal and their lives as well.
Then, over the ale, on this heirloom gazing,
some ash-wielder old who has all in mind
that spear-death of men,[3] -- he is stern of mood,
heavy at heart, -- in the hero young
tests the temper and tries the soul
and war-hate wakens, with words like these:--
_Canst thou not, comrade, ken that sword
which to the fray thy father carried
in his final feud, 'neath the fighting-mask,
dearest of blades, when the Danish slew him
and wielded the war-place on Withergild's fall,
after havoc of heroes, those hardy Scyldings?
Now, the son of a certain slaughtering Dane,
proud of his treasure, paces this hall,
joys in the killing, and carries the jewel[4]
that rightfully ought to be owned by thee!_
Thus he urges and eggs him all the time
with keenest words, till occasion offers
that Freawaru's thane, for his father's deed,
after bite of brand in his blood must slumber,
losing his life; but that liegeman flies
living away, for the land he kens.
And thus be broken on both their sides
oaths of the earls, when Ingeld's breast
wells with war-hate, and wife-love now
after the care-billows cooler grows.
"So[5] I hold not high the Heathobards' faith
due to the Danes, or their during love
and pact of peace. -- But I pass from that,
turning to Grendel, O giver-of-treasure,
and saying in full how the fight resulted,
hand-fray of heroes. When heaven's jewel
had fled o'er far fields, that fierce sprite came,
night-foe savage, to seek us out
where safe and sound we sentried the hall.
To Hondscio then was that harassing deadly,
his fall there was fated. He first was slain,
girded warrior. Grendel on him
turned murderous mouth, on our mighty kinsman,
and all of the brave man's body devoured.
Yet none the earlier, empty-handed,
would the bloody-toothed murderer, mindful of bale,
outward go from the gold-decked hall:
but me he attacked in his terror of might,
with greedy hand grasped me. A glove hung by him[6]
wide and wondrous, wound with bands;
and in artful wise it all was wrought,
by devilish craft, of dragon-skins.
Me therein, an innocent man,
the fiendish foe was fain to thrust
with many another. He might not so,
when I all angrily upright stood.
'Twere long to relate how that land-destroyer
I paid in kind for his cruel deeds;
yet there, my prince, this people of thine
got fame by my fighting. He fled away,
and a little space his life preserved;
but there staid behind him his stronger hand
left in Heorot; heartsick thence
on the floor of the ocean that outcast fell.
Me for this struggle the Scyldings'-friend
paid in plenty with plates of gold,
with many a treasure, when morn had come
and we all at the banquet-board sat down.
Then was song and glee. The gray-haired Scylding,
much tested, told of the times of yore.
Whiles the hero his harp bestirred,
wood-of-delight; now lays he chanted
of sooth and sadness, or said aright
legends of wonder, the wide-hearted king;
or for years of his youth he would yearn at times,
for strength of old struggles, now stricken with age,
hoary hero: his heart surged full
when, wise with winters, he wailed their flight.
Thus in the hall the whole of that day
at ease we feasted, till fell o'er earth
another night. Anon full ready
in greed of vengeance, Grendel's mother
set forth all doleful. Dead was her son
through war-hate of Weders; now, woman monstrous
with fury fell a foeman she slew,
avenged her offspring. From Aeschere old,
loyal councillor, life was gone;
nor might they e'en, when morning broke,
those Danish people, their death-done comrade
burn with brands, on balefire lay
the man they mourned. Under mountain stream
she had carried the corpse with cruel hands.
For Hrothgar that was the heaviest sorrow
of all that had laden the lord of his folk.
The leader then, by thy life, besought me
(sad was his soul) in the sea-waves' coil
to play the hero and hazard my being
for glory of prowess: my guerdon he pledged.
I then in the waters -- 'tis widely known --
that sea-floor-guardian savage found.
Hand-to-hand there a while we struggled;
billows welled blood; in the briny hall
her head I hewed with a hardy blade
from Grendel's mother, -- and gained my life,
though not without danger. My doom was not yet.
Then the haven-of-heroes, Healfdene's son,
gave me in guerdon great gifts of price.

[1] Beowulf gives his uncle the king not mere gossip of his journey, but a
statesmanlike forecast of the outcome of certain policies at the Danish court.
Talk of interpolation here is absurd. As both Beowulf and Hygelac know, --
and the folk for whom the Beowulf was put together also knew, -- Froda
was king of the Heathobards (probably the Langobards, once near neigh-
bors of Angle and Saxon tribes on the continent), and had fallen in fight
with the Danes. Hrothgar will set aside this feud by giving his daughter
as "peace-weaver" and wife to the young king Ingeld, son of the slain
Froda. But Beowulf, on general principles and from his observation of the
particular case, foretells trouble.
[2] Play of shields, battle. A Danish warrior cuts down Froda in the fight,
and takes his sword and armor, leaving them to a son. This son is selected
to accompany his mistress, the young princess Freawaru, to her new home
when she is Ingeld's queen. Heedlessly he wears the sword of Froda in
hall. An old warrior points it out to Ingeld, and eggs him on to vengeance.
At his instigation the Dane is killed; but the murderer, afraid of results,
and knowing the land, escapes. So the old feud must break out again.
[3] That is, their disastrous battle and the slaying of their king.
[4] The sword. 
[5] Beowulf returns to his forecast. Things might well go somewhat as
follows, he says; sketches a little tragic story; and with this prophecy by
illustration returns to the tale of his adventure.
[6] Not an actual glove, but a sort of bag.


XXXI

  "So held this king to the customs old,
that I wanted for nought in the wage I gained,
the meed of my might; he made me gifts,
Healfdene's heir, for my own disposal.
Now to thee, my prince, I proffer them all,
gladly give them. Thy grace alone
can find me favor. Few indeed
have I of kinsmen, save, Hygelac, thee!"
Then he bade them bear him the boar-head standard,
the battle-helm high, and breastplate gray,
the splendid sword; then spake in form:--
"Me this war-gear the wise old prince,
Hrothgar, gave, and his hest he added,
that its story be straightway said to thee. --
A while it was held by Heorogar king,
for long time lord of the land of Scyldings;
yet not to his son the sovran left it,
to daring Heoroweard, -- dear as he was to him,
his harness of battle. -- Well hold thou it all!"
  And I heard that soon passed o'er the path of
      this treasure,
all apple-fallow, four good steeds,
each like the others, arms and horses
he gave to the king. So should kinsmen be,
not weave one another the net of wiles,
or with deep-hid treachery death contrive
for neighbor and comrade. His nephew was ever
by hardy Hygelac held full dear,
and each kept watch o'er the other's weal.
I heard, too, the necklace to Hygd he presented,
wonder-wrought treasure, which Wealhtheow gave
    him
sovran's daughter: three steeds he added,
slender and saddle-gay. Since such gift
the gem gleamed bright on the breast of the queen.
  Thus showed his strain the son of Ecgtheow
as a man remarked for mighty deeds
and acts of honor. At ale he slew not
comrade or kin; nor cruel his mood,
though of sons of earth his strength was greatest,
a glorious gift that God had sent
the splendid leader. Long was he spurned,
and worthless by Geatish warriors held;
him at mead the master-of-clans
failed full oft to favor at all.
Slack and shiftless the strong men deemed him,
profitless prince; but payment came,
to the warrior honored, for all his woes. --
  Then the bulwark-of-earls[1] bade bring within,
hardy chieftain, Hrethel's heirloom
garnished with gold: no Geat e'er knew
in shape of a sword a statelier prize.
The brand he laid in Beowulf's lap;
and of hides assigned him seven thousand,[2]
with house and high-seat. They held in common
land alike by their line of birth,
inheritance, home: but higher the king
because of his rule o'er the realm itself.

  Now further it fell with the flight of years,
with harryings horrid, that Hygelac perished,[3]
and Heardred, too, by hewing of swords
under the shield-wall slaughtered lay,
when him at the van of his victor-folk
sought hardy heroes, Heatho-Scilfings,
in arms o'erwhelming Hereric's nephew.
Then Beowulf came as king this broad
realm to wield; and he ruled it well
fifty winters,[4] a wise old prince,
warding his land, until One began
in the dark of night, a Dragon, to rage.
In the grave on the hill a hoard it guarded,
in the stone-barrow steep. A strait path reached it,
unknown to mortals. Some man, however,
came by chance that cave within
to the heathen hoard.[5] In hand he took
a golden goblet, nor gave he it back,
stole with it away, while the watcher slept,
by thievish wiles: for the warden's wrath
prince and people must pay betimes!

[1] Hygelac.
[2] This is generally assumed to mean hides, though the text simply says
"seven thousand." A hide in England meant about 120 acres, though "the
size of the acre varied."
[3] On the historical raid into Frankish territory between 512 and 520 A.D.
The subsequent course of events, as gathered from hints of this epic, is
partly told in Scandinavian legend.
[4] The chronology of this epic, as scholars have worked it out, would make
Beowulf well over ninety years of age when he fights the dragon. But the
fifty years of his reign need not be taken as historical fact.
[5] The text is here hopelessly illegible, and only the general drift of the
meaning can be rescued. For one thing, we have the old myth of a dragon
who guards hidden treasure. But with this runs the story of some noble,
last of his race, who hides all his wealth within this barrow and there
chants his farewell to life's glories. After his death the dragon takes pos-
session of the hoard and watches over it. A condemned or banished man,
desperate, hides in the barrow, discovers the treasure, and while the dragon
sleeps, makes off with a golden beaker or the like, and carries it for propi-
tiation to his master. The dragon discovers the loss and exacts fearful
penalty from the people round about.


XXXII

THAT way he went with no will of his own,
in danger of life, to the dragon's hoard,
but for pressure of peril, some prince's thane.
He fled in fear the fatal scourge,
seeking shelter, a sinful man,
and entered in. At the awful sight
tottered that guest, and terror seized him;
yet the wretched fugitive rallied anon
from fright and fear ere he fled away,
and took the cup from that treasure-hoard.
Of such besides there was store enough,
heirlooms old, the earth below,
which some earl forgotten, in ancient years,
left the last of his lofty race,
heedfully there had hidden away,
dearest treasure. For death of yore
had hurried all hence; and he alone
left to live, the last of the clan,
weeping his friends, yet wished to bide
warding the treasure, his one delight,
though brief his respite. The barrow, new-ready,
to strand and sea-waves stood anear,
hard by the headland, hidden and closed;
there laid within it his lordly heirlooms
and heaped hoard of heavy gold
that warden of rings. Few words he spake:
  "Now hold thou, earth, since heroes may not,
what earls have owned! Lo, erst from thee
brave men brought it! But battle-death seized
and cruel killing my clansmen all,
robbed them of life and a liegeman's joys.
None have I left to lift the sword,
or to cleanse the carven cup of price,
beaker bright. My brave are gone.
And the helmet hard, all haughty with gold,
shall part from its plating. Polishers sleep
who could brighten and burnish the battle-mask;
and those weeds of war that were wont to brave
over bicker of shields the bite of steel
rust with their bearer. The ringed mail
fares not far with famous chieftain,
at side of hero! No harp's delight,
no glee-wood's gladness! No good hawk now
flies through the hall! Nor horses fleet
stamp in the burgstead! Battle and death
the flower of my race have reft away."
Mournful of mood, thus he moaned his woe,
alone, for them all, and unblithe wept
by day and by night, till death's fell wave
o'erwhelmed his heart. His hoard-of-bliss
that old ill-doer open found,
who, blazing at twilight the barrows haunteth,
naked foe-dragon flying by night
folded in fire: the folk of earth
dread him sore. 'Tis his doom to seek
hoard in the graves, and heathen gold
to watch, many-wintered: nor wins he thereby!
  Powerful this plague-of-the-people thus
held the house of the hoard in earth
three hundred winters; till One aroused
wrath in his breast, to the ruler bearing
that costly cup, and the king implored
for bond of peace. So the barrow was plundered,
borne off was booty. His boon was granted
that wretched man; and his ruler saw
first time what was fashioned in far-off days.
  When the dragon awoke, new woe was kindled.
O'er the stone he snuffed. The stark-heart found
footprint of foe who so far had gone
in his hidden craft by the creature's head. --
So may the undoomed easily flee
evils and exile, if only he gain
the grace of The Wielder! -- That warden of gold
o'er the ground went seeking, greedy to find
the man who wrought him such wrong in sleep.
Savage and burning, the barrow he circled
all without; nor was any there,
none in the waste.... Yet war he desired,
was eager for battle. The barrow he entered,
sought the cup, and discovered soon
that some one of mortals had searched his treasure,
his lordly gold. The guardian waited
ill-enduring till evening came;
boiling with wrath was the barrow's keeper,
and fain with flame the foe to pay
for the dear cup's loss. -- Now day was fled
as the worm had wished. By its wall no more
was it glad to bide, but burning flew
folded in flame: a fearful beginning
for sons of the soil; and soon it came,
in the doom of their lord, to a dreadful end.


XXXIII

  THEN the baleful fiend its fire belched out,
and bright homes burned. The blaze stood high
all landsfolk frighting. No living thing
would that loathly one leave as aloft it flew.
Wide was the dragon's warring seen,
its fiendish fury far and near,
as the grim destroyer those Geatish people
hated and hounded. To hidden lair,
to its hoard it hastened at hint of dawn.
Folk of the land it had lapped in flame,
with bale and brand. In its barrow it trusted,
its battling and bulwarks: that boast was vain!

  To Beowulf then the bale was told
quickly and truly: the king's own home,
of buildings the best, in brand-waves melted,
that gift-throne of Geats. To the good old man
sad in heart, 'twas heaviest sorrow.
The sage assumed that his sovran God
he had angered, breaking ancient law,
and embittered the Lord. His breast within
with black thoughts welled, as his wont was never.
The folk's own fastness that fiery dragon
with flame had destroyed, and the stronghold all
washed by waves; but the warlike king,
prince of the Weders, plotted vengeance.
Warriors'-bulwark, he bade them work
all of iron -- the earl's commander --
a war-shield wondrous: well he knew
that forest-wood against fire were worthless,
linden could aid not. -- Atheling brave,
he was fated to finish this fleeting life,[1]
his days on earth, and the dragon with him,
though long it had watched o'er the wealth of the
    hoard! --
Shame he reckoned it, sharer-of-rings,
to follow the flyer-afar with a host,
a broad-flung band; nor the battle feared he,
nor deemed he dreadful the dragon's warring,
its vigor and valor: ventures desperate
he had passed a-plenty, and perils of war,
contest-crash, since, conqueror proud,
Hrothgar's hall he had wholly purged,
and in grapple had killed the kin of Grendel,
loathsome breed! Not least was that
of hand-to-hand fights where Hygelac fell,
when the ruler of Geats in rush of battle,
lord of his folk, in the Frisian land,
son of Hrethel, by sword-draughts died,
by brands down-beaten. Thence Beowulf fled
through strength of himself and his swimming power,
though alone, and his arms were laden with thirty
coats of mail, when he came to the sea!
Nor yet might Hetwaras[2] haughtily boast
their craft of contest, who carried against him
shields to the fight: but few escaped
from strife with the hero to seek their homes!
Then swam over ocean Ecgtheow's son
lonely and sorrowful, seeking his land,
where Hygd made him offer of hoard and realm,
rings and royal-seat, reckoning naught
the strength of her son to save their kingdom
from hostile hordes, after Hygelac's death.
No sooner for this could the stricken ones
in any wise move that atheling's mind
over young Heardred's head as lord
and ruler of all the realm to be:
yet the hero upheld him with helpful words,
aided in honor, till, older grown,
he wielded the Weder-Geats. -- Wandering exiles
sought him o'er seas, the sons of Ohtere,
who had spurned the sway of the Scylfings'-helmet,
the bravest and best that broke the rings,
in Swedish land, of the sea-kings' line,
haughty hero.[3] Hence Heardred's end.
For shelter he gave them, sword-death came,
the blade's fell blow, to bairn of Hygelac;
but the son of Ongentheow sought again
house and home when Heardred fell,
leaving Beowulf lord of Geats
and gift-seat's master. -- A good king he!

[1] Literally "loan-days," days loaned to man.
[2] Chattuarii, a tribe that dwelt along the Rhine, and took part in repelling
the raid of (Hygelac) Chocilaicus.
[3] Onela, son of Ongentheow, who pursues his two nephews Eanmund and
Eadgils to Heardred's court, where they have taken refuge after their un-
successful rebellion. In the fighting Heardred is killed.


XXXIV

  THE fall of his lord he was fain to requite
in after days; and to Eadgils he proved
friend to the friendless, and forces sent
over the sea to the son of Ohtere,
weapons and warriors: well repaid he
those care-paths cold when the king he slew.[1]
Thus safe through struggles the son of Ecgtheow
had passed a plenty, through perils dire,
with daring deeds, till this day was come
that doomed him now with the dragon to strive.
  With comrades eleven the lord of Geats
swollen in rage went seeking the dragon.
He had heard whence all the harm arose
and the killing of clansmen; that cup of price
on the lap of the lord had been laid by the finder.
In the throng was this one thirteenth man,
starter of all the strife and ill,
care-laden captive; cringing thence
forced and reluctant, he led them on
till he came in ken of that cavern-hall,
the barrow delved near billowy surges,
flood of ocean. Within 'twas full
of wire-gold and jewels; a jealous warden,
warrior trusty, the treasures held,
lurked in his lair. Not light the task
of entrance for any of earth-born men!
  Sat on the headland the hero king,
spake words of hail to his hearth-companions,
gold-friend of Geats. All gloomy his soul,
wavering, death-bound. Wyrd full nigh
stood ready to greet the gray-haired man,
to seize his soul-hoard, sunder apart
life and body. Not long would be
the warrior's spirit enwound with flesh.
  Beowulf spake, the bairn of Ecgtheow:--
"Through store of struggles I strove in youth,
mighty feuds; I mind them all.
I was seven years old when the sovran of rings,
friend-of-his-folk, from my father took me,
had me, and held me, Hrethel the king,
with food and fee, faithful in kinship.
Ne'er, while I lived there, he loathlier found me,
bairn in the burg, than his birthright sons,
Herebeald and Haethcyn and Hygelac mine.
For the eldest of these, by unmeet chance,
by kinsman's deed, was the death-bed strewn,
when Haethcyn killed him with horny bow,
his own dear liege laid low with an arrow,
missed the mark and his mate shot down,
one brother the other, with bloody shaft.
A feeless fight,[2] and a fearful sin,
horror to Hrethel; yet, hard as it was,
unavenged must the atheling die!
Too awful it is for an aged man
to bide and bear, that his bairn so young
rides on the gallows. A rime he makes,
sorrow-song for his son there hanging
as rapture of ravens; no rescue now
can come from the old, disabled man!
Still is he minded, as morning breaks,
of the heir gone elsewhere;[3] another he hopes not
he will bide to see his burg within
as ward for his wealth, now the one has found
doom of death that the deed incurred.
Forlorn he looks on the lodge of his son,
wine-hall waste and wind-swept chambers
reft of revel. The rider sleepeth,
the hero, far-hidden;[4] no harp resounds,
in the courts no wassail, as once was heard.

[1] That is, Beowulf supports Eadgils against Onela, who is slain by Eadgils
in revenge for the "care-paths" of exile into which Onela forced him.
[2] That is, the king could claim no wergild, or man-price, from one son
for the killing of the other.
[3] Usual euphemism for death. 
[4] Sc. in the grave.


XXXV

"THEN he goes to his chamber, a grief-song chants
alone for his lost. Too large all seems,
homestead and house. So the helmet-of-Weders
hid in his heart for Herebeald
waves of woe. No way could he take
to avenge on the slayer slaughter so foul;
nor e'en could he harass that hero at all
with loathing deed, though he loved him not.
And so for the sorrow his soul endured,
men's gladness he gave up and God's light chose.
Lands and cities he left his sons
(as the wealthy do) when he went from earth.
There was strife and struggle 'twixt Swede and Geat
o'er the width of waters; war arose,
hard battle-horror, when Hrethel died,
and Ongentheow's offspring grew
strife-keen, bold, nor brooked o'er the seas
pact of peace, but pushed their hosts
to harass in hatred by Hreosnabeorh.
Men of my folk for that feud had vengeance,
for woful war ('tis widely known),
though one of them bought it with blood of his heart,
a bargain hard: for Haethcyn proved
fatal that fray, for the first-of-Geats.
At morn, I heard, was the murderer killed
by kinsman for kinsman,[1] with clash of sword,
when Ongentheow met Eofor there.
Wide split the war-helm: wan he fell,
hoary Scylfing; the hand that smote him
of feud was mindful, nor flinched from the death-blow.

-- "For all that he[2] gave me, my gleaming sword
repaid him at war, -- such power I wielded, --
for lordly treasure: with land he entrusted me,
homestead and house. He had no need
from Swedish realm, or from Spear-Dane folk,
or from men of the Gifths, to get him help, --
some warrior worse for wage to buy!
Ever I fought in the front of all,
sole to the fore; and so shall I fight
while I bide in life and this blade shall last
that early and late hath loyal proved
since for my doughtiness Daeghrefn fell,
slain by my hand, the Hugas' champion.
Nor fared he thence to the Frisian king
with the booty back, and breast-adornments;
but, slain in struggle, that standard-bearer
fell, atheling brave. Not with blade was he slain,
but his bones were broken by brawny gripe,
his heart-waves stilled. -- The sword-edge now,
hard blade and my hand, for the hoard shall strive."
  Beowulf spake, and a battle-vow made
his last of all: "I have lived through many
wars in my youth; now once again,
old folk-defender, feud will I seek,
do doughty deeds, if the dark destroyer
forth from his cavern come to fight me!"
Then hailed he the helmeted heroes all,
for the last time greeting his liegemen dear,
comrades of war: "I should carry no weapon,
no sword to the serpent, if sure I knew
how, with such enemy, else my vows
I could gain as I did in Grendel's day.
But fire in this fight I must fear me now,
and poisonous breath; so I bring with me
breastplate and board.[3] From the barrow's keeper
no footbreadth flee I. One fight shall end
our war by the wall, as Wyrd allots,
all mankind's master. My mood is bold
but forbears to boast o'er this battling-flyer.
-- Now abide by the barrow, ye breastplate-mailed,
ye heroes in harness, which of us twain
better from battle-rush bear his wounds.
Wait ye the finish. The fight is not yours,
nor meet for any but me alone
to measure might with this monster here
and play the hero. Hardily I
shall win that wealth, or war shall seize,
cruel killing, your king and lord!"
  Up stood then with shield the sturdy champion,
stayed by the strength of his single manhood,
and hardy 'neath helmet his harness bore
under cleft of the cliffs: no coward's path!
Soon spied by the wall that warrior chief,
survivor of many a victory-field
where foemen fought with furious clashings,
an arch of stone; and within, a stream
that broke from the barrow. The brooklet's wave
was hot with fire. The hoard that way
he never could hope unharmed to near,
or endure those deeps,[4] for the dragon's flame.
Then let from his breast, for he burst with rage,
the Weder-Geat prince a word outgo;
stormed the stark-heart; stern went ringing
and clear his cry 'neath the cliff-rocks gray.
The hoard-guard heard a human voice;
his rage was enkindled. No respite now
for pact of peace! The poison-breath
of that foul worm first came forth from the cave,
hot reek-of-fight: the rocks resounded.
Stout by the stone-way his shield he raised,
lord of the Geats, against the loathed-one;
while with courage keen that coiled foe
came seeking strife. The sturdy king
had drawn his sword, not dull of edge,
heirloom old; and each of the two
felt fear of his foe, though fierce their mood.
Stoutly stood with his shield high-raised
the warrior king, as the worm now coiled
together amain: the mailed-one waited.
Now, spire by spire, fast sped and glided
that blazing serpent. The shield protected,
soul and body a shorter while
for the hero-king than his heart desired,
could his will have wielded the welcome respite
but once in his life! But Wyrd denied it,
and victory's honors. -- His arm he lifted
lord of the Geats, the grim foe smote
with atheling's heirloom. Its edge was turned
brown blade, on the bone, and bit more feebly
than its noble master had need of then
in his baleful stress. -- Then the barrow's keeper
waxed full wild for that weighty blow,
cast deadly flames; wide drove and far
those vicious fires. No victor's glory
the Geats' lord boasted; his brand had failed,
naked in battle, as never it should,
excellent iron! -- 'Twas no easy path
that Ecgtheow's honored heir must tread
over the plain to the place of the foe;
for against his will he must win a home
elsewhere far, as must all men, leaving
this lapsing life! -- Not long it was
ere those champions grimly closed again.
The hoard-guard was heartened; high heaved his
     breast
once more; and by peril was pressed again,
enfolded in flames, the folk-commander!
Nor yet about him his band of comrades,
sons of athelings, armed stood
with warlike front: to the woods they bent them,
their lives to save. But the soul of one
with care was cumbered. Kinship true
can never be marred in a noble mind!

[1] Eofor for Wulf. -- The immediate provocation for Eofor in killing "the
hoary Scylfing," Ongentheow, is that the latter has just struck Wulf down;
but the king, Haethcyn, is also avenged by the blow. See the detailed 
description below.
[2] Hygelac.
[3] Shield.
[4] The hollow passage.


XXXVI

WIGLAF his name was, Weohstan's son,
linden-thane loved, the lord of Scylfings,
Aelfhere's kinsman. His king he now saw
with heat under helmet hard oppressed.
He minded the prizes his prince had given him,
wealthy seat of the Waegmunding line,
and folk-rights that his father owned
Not long he lingered. The linden yellow,
his shield, he seized; the old sword he drew: --
as heirloom of Eanmund earth-dwellers knew it,
who was slain by the sword-edge, son of Ohtere,
friendless exile, erst in fray
killed by Weohstan, who won for his kin
brown-bright helmet, breastplate ringed,
old sword of Eotens, Onela's gift,
weeds of war of the warrior-thane,
battle-gear brave: though a brother's child
had been felled, the feud was unfelt by Onela.[1]
For winters this war-gear Weohstan kept,
breastplate and board, till his bairn had grown
earlship to earn as the old sire did:
then he gave him, mid Geats, the gear of battle,
portion huge, when he passed from life,
fared aged forth. For the first time now
with his leader-lord the liegeman young
was bidden to share the shock of battle.
Neither softened his soul, nor the sire's bequest
weakened in war.[2] So the worm found out
when once in fight the foes had met!
Wiglaf spake, -- and his words were sage;
sad in spirit, he said to his comrades:--
"I remember the time, when mead we took,
what promise we made to this prince of ours
in the banquet-hall, to our breaker-of-rings,
for gear of combat to give him requital,
for hard-sword and helmet, if hap should bring
stress of this sort! Himself who chose us
from all his army to aid him now,
urged us to glory, and gave these treasures,
because he counted us keen with the spear
and hardy 'neath helm, though this hero-work
our leader hoped unhelped and alone
to finish for us, -- folk-defender
who hath got him glory greater than all men
for daring deeds! Now the day is come
that our noble master has need of the might
of warriors stout. Let us stride along
the hero to help while the heat is about him
glowing and grim! For God is my witness
I am far more fain the fire should seize
along with my lord these limbs of mine![3]
Unsuiting it seems our shields to bear
homeward hence, save here we essay
to fell the foe and defend the life
of the Weders' lord. I wot 'twere shame
on the law of our land if alone the king
out of Geatish warriors woe endured
and sank in the struggle! My sword and helmet,
breastplate and board, for us both shall serve!"
Through slaughter-reek strode he to succor his
    chieftain,
his battle-helm bore, and brief words spake:--
"Beowulf dearest, do all bravely,
as in youthful days of yore thou vowedst
that while life should last thou wouldst let no wise
thy glory droop! Now, great in deeds,
atheling steadfast, with all thy strength
shield thy life! I will stand to help thee."
  At the words the worm came once again,
murderous monster mad with rage,
with fire-billows flaming, its foes to seek,
the hated men. In heat-waves burned
that board[4] to the boss, and the breastplate failed
to shelter at all the spear-thane young.
Yet quickly under his kinsman's shield
went eager the earl, since his own was now
all burned by the blaze. The bold king again
had mind of his glory: with might his glaive
was driven into the dragon's head, --
blow nerved by hate. But Naegling[5] was shivered,
broken in battle was Beowulf's sword,
old and gray. 'Twas granted him not
that ever the edge of iron at all
could help him at strife: too strong was his hand,
so the tale is told, and he tried too far
with strength of stroke all swords he wielded,
though sturdy their steel: they steaded him nought.
Then for the third time thought on its feud
that folk-destroyer, fire-dread dragon,
and rushed on the hero, where room allowed,
battle-grim, burning; its bitter teeth
closed on his neck, and covered him
with waves of blood from his breast that welled.

[1] That is, although Eanmund was brother's son to Onela, the slaying of
the former by Weohstan is not felt as cause of feud, and is rewarded by
gift of the slain man's weapons.
[2] Both Wiglaf and the sword did their duty. -- The following is one of
the classic passages for illustrating the comitatus as the most conspicuous
Germanic institution, and its underlying sense of duty, based partly on
the idea of loyalty and partly on the practical basis of benefits received
and repaid.
[3] Sc. "than to bide safely here," -- a common figure of incomplete
comparison.
[4] Wiglaf's wooden shield.
[5] Gering would translate "kinsman of the nail," as both are made of iron.


XXXVII

'TWAS now, men say, in his sovran's need
that the earl made known his noble strain,
craft and keenness and courage enduring.
Heedless of harm, though his hand was burned,
hardy-hearted, he helped his kinsman.
A little lower the loathsome beast
he smote with sword; his steel drove in
bright and burnished; that blaze began
to lose and lessen. At last the king
wielded his wits again, war-knife drew,
a biting blade by his breastplate hanging,
and the Weders'-helm smote that worm asunder,
felled the foe, flung forth its life.
  So had they killed it, kinsmen both,
athelings twain: thus an earl should be
in danger's day! -- Of deeds of valor
this conqueror's-hour of the king was last,
of his work in the world. The wound began,
which that dragon-of-earth had erst inflicted,
to swell and smart; and soon he found
in his breast was boiling, baleful and deep,
pain of poison. The prince walked on,
wise in his thought, to the wall of rock;
then sat, and stared at the structure of giants,
where arch of stone and steadfast column
upheld forever that hall in earth.
Yet here must the hand of the henchman peerless
lave with water his winsome lord,
the king and conqueror covered with blood,
with struggle spent, and unspan his helmet.
Beowulf spake in spite of his hurt,
his mortal wound; full well he knew
his portion now was past and gone
of earthly bliss, and all had fled
of his file of days, and death was near:
"I would fain bestow on son of mine
this gear of war, were given me now
that any heir should after me come
of my proper blood. This people I ruled
fifty winters. No folk-king was there,
none at all, of the neighboring clans
who war would wage me with 'warriors'-friends'[1]
and threat me with horrors. At home I bided
what fate might come, and I cared for mine own;
feuds I sought not, nor falsely swore
ever on oath. For all these things,
though fatally wounded, fain am I!
From the Ruler-of-Man no wrath shall seize me,
when life from my frame must flee away,
for killing of kinsmen! Now quickly go
and gaze on that hoard 'neath the hoary rock,
Wiglaf loved, now the worm lies low,
sleeps, heart-sore, of his spoil bereaved.
And fare in haste. I would fain behold
the gorgeous heirlooms, golden store,
have joy in the jewels and gems, lay down
softlier for sight of this splendid hoard
my life and the lordship I long have held."

[1] That is, swords.


XXXVIII

I HAVE heard that swiftly the son of Weohstan
at wish and word of his wounded king, --
war-sick warrior, -- woven mail-coat,
battle-sark, bore 'neath the barrow's roof.
Then the clansman keen, of conquest proud,
passing the seat,[1] saw store of jewels
and glistening gold the ground along;
by the wall were marvels, and many a vessel
in the den of the dragon, the dawn-flier old:
unburnished bowls of bygone men
reft of richness; rusty helms
of the olden age; and arm-rings many
wondrously woven. -- Such wealth of gold,
booty from barrow, can burden with pride
each human wight: let him hide it who will! --
His glance too fell on a gold-wove banner
high o'er the hoard, of handiwork noblest,
brilliantly broidered; so bright its gleam,
all the earth-floor he easily saw
and viewed all these vessels. No vestige now
was seen of the serpent: the sword had ta'en him.
  Then, I heard, the hill of its hoard was reft,
old work of giants, by one alone;
he burdened his bosom with beakers and plate
at his own good will, and the ensign took,
brightest of beacons. -- The blade of his lord
-- its edge was iron -- had injured deep
one that guarded the golden hoard
many a year and its murder-fire
spread hot round the barrow in horror-billows
at midnight hour, till it met its doom.
Hasted the herald, the hoard so spurred him
his track to retrace; he was troubled by doubt,
high-souled hero, if haply he'd find
alive, where he left him, the lord of Weders,
weakening fast by the wall of the cave.
So he carried the load. His lord and king
he found all bleeding, famous chief
at the lapse of life. The liegeman again
plashed him with water, till point of word
broke through the breast-hoard. Beowulf spake,
sage and sad, as he stared at the gold. --
"For the gold and treasure, to God my thanks,
to the Wielder-of-Wonders, with words I say,
for what I behold, to Heaven's Lord,
for the grace that I give such gifts to my folk
or ever the day of my death be run!
Now I've bartered here for booty of treasure
the last of my life, so look ye well
to the needs of my land! No longer I tarry.
A barrow bid ye the battle-fanned raise
for my ashes. 'Twill shine by the shore of the flood,
to folk of mine memorial fair
on Hrones Headland high uplifted,
that ocean-wanderers oft may hail
Beowulf's Barrow, as back from far
they drive their keels o'er the darkling wave."
  From his neck he unclasped the collar of gold,
valorous king, to his vassal gave it
with bright-gold helmet, breastplate, and ring,
to the youthful thane: bade him use them in joy.
  "Thou art end and remnant of all our race
the Waegmunding name. For Wyrd hath swept them,
all my line, to the land of doom,
earls in their glory: I after them go."
  This word was the last which the wise old man
harbored in heart ere hot death-waves
of balefire he chose. From his bosom fled
his soul to seek the saints' reward.

[1] Where Beowulf lay.


XXXIX

IT was heavy hap for that hero young
on his lord beloved to look and find him
lying on earth with life at end,
sorrowful sight. But the slayer too,
awful earth-dragon, empty of breath,
lay felled in fight, nor, fain of its treasure,
could the writhing monster rule it more.
For edges of iron had ended its days,
hard and battle-sharp, hammers' leaving;[1]
and that flier-afar had fallen to ground
hushed by its hurt, its hoard all near,
no longer lusty aloft to whirl
at midnight, making its merriment seen,
proud of its prizes: prone it sank
by the handiwork of the hero-king.
Forsooth among folk but few achieve,
-- though sturdy and strong, as stories tell me,
and never so daring in deed of valor, --
the perilous breath of a poison-foe
to brave, and to rush on the ring-board hall,
whenever his watch the warden keeps
bold in the barrow. Beowulf paid
the price of death for that precious hoard;
and each of the foes had found the end
of this fleeting life.
                        Befell erelong
that the laggards in war the wood had left,
trothbreakers, cowards, ten together,
fearing before to flourish a spear
in the sore distress of their sovran lord.
Now in their shame their shields they carried,
armor of fight, where the old man lay;
and they gazed on Wiglaf. Wearied he sat
at his sovran's shoulder, shieldsman good,
to wake him with water.[2] Nowise it availed.
Though well he wished it, in world no more
could he barrier life for that leader-of-battles
nor baffle the will of all-wielding God.
Doom of the Lord was law o'er the deeds
of every man, as it is to-day.
Grim was the answer, easy to get,
from the youth for those that had yielded to fear!
Wiglaf spake, the son of Weohstan, --
mournful he looked on those men unloved:--
"Who sooth will speak, can say indeed
that the ruler who gave you golden rings
and the harness of war in which ye stand
-- for he at ale-bench often-times
bestowed on hall-folk helm and breastplate,
lord to liegemen, the likeliest gear
which near of far he could find to give, --
threw away and wasted these weeds of battle,
on men who failed when the foemen came!
Not at all could the king of his comrades-in-arms
venture to vaunt, though the Victory-Wielder,
God, gave him grace that he got revenge
sole with his sword in stress and need.
To rescue his life, 'twas little that I
could serve him in struggle; yet shift I made
(hopeless it seemed) to help my kinsman.
Its strength ever waned, when with weapon I struck
that fatal foe, and the fire less strongly
flowed from its head. -- Too few the heroes
in throe of contest that thronged to our king!
Now gift of treasure and girding of sword,
joy of the house and home-delight
shall fail your folk; his freehold-land
every clansman within your kin
shall lose and leave, when lords highborn
hear afar of that flight of yours,
a fameless deed. Yea, death is better
for liegemen all than a life of shame!"

[1] What had been left or made by the hammer; well-forged.
[2] Trying to revive him.


XL

THAT battle-toil bade he at burg to announce,
at the fort on the cliff, where, full of sorrow,
all the morning earls had sat,
daring shieldsmen, in doubt of twain:
would they wail as dead, or welcome home,
their lord beloved? Little[1] kept back
of the tidings new, but told them all,
the herald that up the headland rode. --
"Now the willing-giver to Weder folk
in death-bed lies; the Lord of Geats
on the slaughter-bed sleeps by the serpent's deed!
And beside him is stretched that slayer-of-men
with knife-wounds sick:[2] no sword availed
on the awesome thing in any wise
to work a wound. There Wiglaf sitteth,
Weohstan's bairn, by Beowulf's side,
the living earl by the other dead,
and heavy of heart a head-watch[3] keeps
o'er friend and foe. -- Now our folk may look
for waging of war when once unhidden
to Frisian and Frank the fall of the king
is spread afar. -- The strife began
when hot on the Hugas[4] Hygelac fell
and fared with his fleet to the Frisian land.
Him there the Hetwaras humbled in war,
plied with such prowess their power o'erwhelming
that the bold-in-battle bowed beneath it
and fell in fight. To his friends no wise
could that earl give treasure! And ever since
the Merowings' favor has failed us wholly.
Nor aught expect I of peace and faith
from Swedish folk. 'Twas spread afar
how Ongentheow reft at Ravenswood
Haethcyn Hrethling of hope and life,
when the folk of Geats for the first time sought
in wanton pride the Warlike-Scylfings.
Soon the sage old sire[5] of Ohtere,
ancient and awful, gave answering blow;
the sea-king[6] he slew, and his spouse redeemed,
his good wife rescued, though robbed of her gold,
mother of Ohtere and Onela.
Then he followed his foes, who fled before him
sore beset and stole their way,
bereft of a ruler, to Ravenswood.
With his host he besieged there what swords had left,
the weary and wounded; woes he threatened
the whole night through to that hard-pressed throng:
some with the morrow his sword should kill,
some should go to the gallows-tree
for rapture of ravens. But rescue came
with dawn of day for those desperate men
when they heard the horn of Hygelac sound,
tones of his trumpet; the trusty king
had followed their trail with faithful band.

[1] Nothing.
[2] Dead. 
[3] Death-watch, guard of honor, "lyke-wake."
[4] A name for the Franks. 
[5] Ongentheow. 
[6] Haethcyn.


XLI

"THE bloody swath of Swedes and Geats
and the storm of their strife, were seen afar,
how folk against folk the fight had wakened.
The ancient king with his atheling band
sought his citadel, sorrowing much:
Ongentheow earl went up to his burg.
He had tested Hygelac's hardihood,
the proud one's prowess, would prove it no longer,
defied no more those fighting-wanderers
nor hoped from the seamen to save his hoard,
his bairn and his bride: so he bent him again,
old, to his earth-walls. Yet after him came
with slaughter for Swedes the standards of Hygelac
o'er peaceful plains in pride advancing,
till Hrethelings fought in the fenced town.[1]
Then Ongentheow with edge of sword,
the hoary-bearded, was held at bay,
and the folk-king there was forced to suffer
Eofor's anger. In ire, at the king
Wulf Wonreding with weapon struck;
and the chieftain's blood, for that blow, in streams
flowed 'neath his hair. No fear felt he,
stout old Scylfing, but straightway repaid
in better bargain that bitter stroke
and faced his foe with fell intent.
Nor swift enough was the son of Wonred
answer to render the aged chief;
too soon on his head the helm was cloven;
blood-bedecked he bowed to earth,
and fell adown; not doomed was he yet,
and well he waxed, though the wound was sore.
Then the hardy Hygelac-thane,[2]
when his brother fell, with broad brand smote,
giants' sword crashing through giants'-helm
across the shield-wall: sank the king,
his folk's old herdsman, fatally hurt.
There were many to bind the brother's wounds
and lift him, fast as fate allowed
his people to wield the place-of-war.
But Eofor took from Ongentheow,
earl from other, the iron-breastplate,
hard sword hilted, and helmet too,
and the hoar-chief's harness to Hygelac carried,
who took the trappings, and truly promised
rich fee 'mid folk, -- and fulfilled it so.
For that grim strife gave the Geatish lord,
Hrethel's offspring, when home he came,
to Eofor and Wulf a wealth of treasure,
Each of them had a hundred thousand[3]
in land and linked rings; nor at less price reckoned
mid-earth men such mighty deeds!
And to Eofor he gave his only daughter
in pledge of grace, the pride of his home.

  "Such is the feud, the foeman's rage,
death-hate of men: so I deem it sure
that the Swedish folk will seek us home
for this fall of their friends, the fighting-Scylfings,
when once they learn that our warrior leader
lifeless lies, who land and hoard
ever defended from all his foes,
furthered his folk's weal, finished his course
a hardy hero. -- Now haste is best,
that we go to gaze on our Geatish lord,
and bear the bountiful breaker-of-rings
to the funeral pyre. No fragments merely
shall burn with the warrior. Wealth of jewels,
gold untold and gained in terror,
treasure at last with his life obtained,
all of that booty the brands shall take,
fire shall eat it. No earl must carry
memorial jewel. No maiden fair
shall wreathe her neck with noble ring:
nay, sad in spirit and shorn of her gold,
oft shall she pass o'er paths of exile
now our lord all laughter has laid aside,
all mirth and revel. Many a spear
morning-cold shall be clasped amain,
lifted aloft; nor shall lilt of harp
those warriors wake; but the wan-hued raven,
fain o'er the fallen, his feast shall praise
and boast to the eagle how bravely he ate
when he and the wolf were wasting the slain."

  So he told his sorrowful tidings,
and little[4] he lied, the loyal man
of word or of work. The warriors rose;
sad, they climbed to the Cliff-of-Eagles,
went, welling with tears, the wonder to view.
Found on the sand there, stretched at rest,
their lifeless lord, who had lavished rings
of old upon them. Ending-day
had dawned on the doughty-one; death had seized
in woful slaughter the Weders' king.
There saw they, besides, the strangest being,
loathsome, lying their leader near,
prone on the field. The fiery dragon,
fearful fiend, with flame was scorched.
Reckoned by feet, it was fifty measures
in length as it lay. Aloft erewhile
it had revelled by night, and anon come back,
seeking its den; now in death's sure clutch
it had come to the end of its earth-hall joys.
By it there stood the stoups and jars;
dishes lay there, and dear-decked swords
eaten with rust, as, on earth's lap resting,
a thousand winters they waited there.
For all that heritage huge, that gold
of bygone men, was bound by a spell,[5]
so the treasure-hall could be touched by none
of human kind, -- save that Heaven's King,
God himself, might give whom he would,
Helper of Heroes, the hoard to open, --
even such a man as seemed to him meet.

[1] The line may mean: till Hrethelings stormed on the hedged shields, -- i.e.
the shield-wall or hedge of defensive war -- Hrethelings, of course, are Geats.
[2] Eofor, brother to Wulf Wonreding.
[3] Sc. "value in" hides and the weight of the gold.
[4] Not at all.
[5] Laid on it when it was put in the barrow. This spell, or in our days
the "curse," either prevented discovery or brought dire ills on the finder
and taker.


XLII

A PERILOUS path, it proved, he[1] trod
who heinously hid, that hall within,
wealth under wall! Its watcher had killed
one of a few,[2] and the feud was avenged
in woful fashion. Wondrous seems it,
what manner a man of might and valor
oft ends his life, when the earl no longer
in mead-hall may live with loving friends.
So Beowulf, when that barrow's warden
he sought, and the struggle; himself knew not
in what wise he should wend from the world at last.
For[3] princes potent, who placed the gold,
with a curse to doomsday covered it deep,
so that marked with sin the man should be,
hedged with horrors, in hell-bonds fast,
racked with plagues, who should rob their hoard.
Yet no greed for gold, but the grace of heaven,
ever the king had kept in view.[4]
  Wiglaf spake, the son of Weohstan:--
"At the mandate of one, oft warriors many
sorrow must suffer; and so must we.
The people's-shepherd showed not aught
of care for our counsel, king beloved!
That guardian of gold he should grapple not, urged we,
but let him lie where he long had been
in his earth-hall waiting the end of the world,
the hest of heaven. -- This hoard is ours
but grievously gotten; too grim the fate
which thither carried our king and lord.
I was within there, and all I viewed,
the chambered treasure, when chance allowed me
(and my path was made in no pleasant wise)
under the earth-wall. Eager, I seized
such heap from the hoard as hands could bear
and hurriedly carried it hither back
to my liege and lord. Alive was he still,
still wielding his wits. The wise old man
spake much in his sorrow, and sent you greetings
and bade that ye build, when he breathed no more,
on the place of his balefire a barrow high,
memorial mighty. Of men was he
worthiest warrior wide earth o'er
the while he had joy of his jewels and burg.
Let us set out in haste now, the second time
to see and search this store of treasure,
these wall-hid wonders, -- the way I show you, --
where, gathered near, ye may gaze your fill
at broad-gold and rings. Let the bier, soon made,
be all in order when out we come,
our king and captain to carry thither
-- man beloved -- where long he shall bide
safe in the shelter of sovran God."
Then the bairn of Weohstan bade command,
hardy chief, to heroes many
that owned their homesteads, hither to bring
firewood from far -- o'er the folk they ruled --
for the famed-one's funeral. " Fire shall devour
and wan flames feed on the fearless warrior
who oft stood stout in the iron-shower,
when, sped from the string, a storm of arrows
shot o'er the shield-wall: the shaft held firm,
featly feathered, followed the barb."
And now the sage young son of Weohstan
seven chose of the chieftain's thanes,
the best he found that band within,
and went with these warriors, one of eight,
under hostile roof. In hand one bore
a lighted torch and led the way.
No lots they cast for keeping the hoard
when once the warriors saw it in hall,
altogether without a guardian,
lying there lost. And little they mourned
when they had hastily haled it out,
dear-bought treasure! The dragon they cast,
the worm, o'er the wall for the wave to take,
and surges swallowed that shepherd of gems.
Then the woven gold on a wain was laden --
countless quite! -- and the king was borne,
hoary hero, to Hrones-Ness.

[1] Probably the fugitive is meant who discovered the hoard. Ten Brink
and Gering assume that the dragon is meant. "Hid" may well mean here
"took while in hiding."
[2] That is "one and a few others." But Beowulf seems to be indicated.
[3] Ten Brink points out the strongly heathen character of this part of the
epic. Beowulf's end came, so the old tradition ran, from his unwitting
interference with spell-bound treasure.
[4] A hard saying, variously interpreted. In any case, it is the some-
what clumsy effort of the Christian poet to tone down the heathenism of
his material by an edifying observation.


XLIII

THEN fashioned for him the folk of Geats
firm on the earth a funeral-pile,
and hung it with helmets and harness of war
and breastplates bright, as the boon he asked;
and they laid amid it the mighty chieftain,
heroes mourning their master dear.
Then on the hill that hugest of balefires
the warriors wakened. Wood-smoke rose
black over blaze, and blent was the roar
of flame with weeping (the wind was still),
till the fire had broken the frame of bones,
hot at the heart. In heavy mood
their misery moaned they, their master's death.
Wailing her woe, the widow[1] old,
her hair upbound, for Beowulf's death
sung in her sorrow, and said full oft
she dreaded the doleful days to come,
deaths enow, and doom of battle,
and shame. -- The smoke by the sky was devoured.
  The folk of the Weders fashioned there
on the headland a barrow broad and high,
by ocean-farers far descried:
in ten days' time their toil had raised it,
the battle-brave's beacon. Round brands of the pyre
a wall they built, the worthiest ever
that wit could prompt in their wisest men.
They placed in the barrow that precious booty,
the rounds and the rings they had reft erewhile,
hardy heroes, from hoard in cave, --
trusting the ground with treasure of earls,
gold in the earth, where ever it lies
useless to men as of yore it was.
  Then about that barrow the battle-keen rode,
atheling-born, a band of twelve,
lament to make, to mourn their king,
chant their dirge, and their chieftain honor.
They praised his earlship, his acts of prowess
worthily witnessed: and well it is
that men their master-friend mightily laud,
heartily love, when hence he goes
from life in the body forlorn away.

  Thus made their mourning the men of Geatland,
for their hero's passing his hearth-companions:
quoth that of all the kings of earth,
of men he was mildest and most beloved,
to his kin the kindest, keenest for praise.

[1] Nothing is said of Beowulf's wife in the poem, but Bugge surmises
that Beowulf finally accepted Hygd's offer of kingdom and hoard, and, as
was usual, took her into the bargain.

[End.]
.





                        125 Blonde Jokes

A blonde gets pulled over by a cop, and the cop says "May I see
your license please?"
She says "Whats that ?"
He says "The little card with you picture that allows you to drive?"
She says "Oh, I have one of those ... here you go"
The cop takes the license, goes back to his car and checks her out
for any warrants.  After checking he walks back up to her car
window, unzips his pants, and pulls out his cock.
The blonde looks up and says ...
"Oh no, not another breathalizer test !!!"

Two blondes were walking along and came upon some tracks.  One blonde
said, "Those look like deer tracks", and the other said, "No, they look
more like moose tracks".  They were still arguing when the train hit
them.

What's the worst blonde joke of all time?  Dan Quayle.

We have a Blonde where I work, who is so dumb she thinks Manual
Labor is a Mexican.

Did you hear about the blond who had a hysterectomy so she'd stop
having grandchildren?

Did you hear about the blond who was two hours late getting home
because the escalator got stuck?

Did you hear about the blond who stayed up all night studying for
her urine test?

Did you hear about the blond prostitute who didn't vote?
She didn't care who got in.

Did you hear about the blonde who thought a sanitary belt was a
drink from a clean glass?

Did you hear about the blonde who only smelled good on the right
side?  She didn't know where to buy left guard.

Did you hear about the blonde housewife who was mad at her husband
because he was out shooting craps and she didn't know how to cook
them.

Did you hear about the blonde who lost her mind?  She worked in a
whorehouse for 6 years and then found out the other girls got paid!

Did you hear about the pregnant blonde who went to the grocery
store because she heard they had free delivery.

Q: Why do Blondes wear padded shoulders?
A: So they don't get a concussion while bobbing their from head side to
   side as they are saying "I don't know?" whenever you ask them a
   question.

Q: Why should you keep a blonde on the job 7 days a week?
A: So you don't have to retrain them every Monday.

Q: What do you call a blonde with 1/2 a brain?
A: Gifted.

Q: What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant?
A: I hope it's mine!!!!

Q: How can you tell if a blonde has been using your lawn mower?
A: The green "Welcome" mat is ripped all to shreds.

Q: What did the blondes mom say before she left for a date?
A: If your not in bed by 10, come home!!!!

Q: Why did the blonde climb the glass wall?
A: To see what's on the other side.

Q: What do you call 2 blondes in a freezer?
A: Frosted flakes.

Q: How do blondes commit suicide?
A: They put spikes on their shoulder pads.

Q: Why are blondes like turtles?
A: When on their back, their screwed.

Q: What do blondes and beer bottles have in common?
A: Both are empty from the neck up.

Q: How do you confuse a blonde?
A: Give her a pack of M&M's and tell her to put them in
   alphabetical order.

Q: What do you call 22 blondes standing in a row?
A: Wind tunnel.

Q: How does a blonde kill a fish?
A: She drowns it.

Q: What's similar about UFO's and a smart blonde?
A: You keep hearing about them, but never see one...

Q: If a blonde and a brunette fell out of an airplane, who would
   land first?
A: The brunette. The blonde would have to stop and ask for
   directions.

Q: Why don't blondes like pickles?
A: They keep getting their head stuck in the jar...

Q: What is a blondes' mating call?
A: Oh, I'm soooooo drunk!

Q: What is a brunettes mating call?
A: Have all the blonde's gone home?

Q: What do you call a brunette between 2 blondes?
A: An Interpreter.

Q: What does a blonde say first thing in the morning?
A: Are all you guys on the same team?

Q: What do you call a blonde who has dyed her hair black?
A: Artificial intelligence.

Q: How many blondes does it take to make chocolate chip cookies?
A: 100 - 1 to stir and 99 to peel the M&Ms.

Q: How can you tell when a blonde has used your computer?
A: Whiteout all over the screen.

Q: How can you tell if she has been back to the computer?
A: Writing on the whiteout.

Q: What's similar about Santa Claus, the Tooth Fairy, and Smart
   Blondes?
A: They are all make-believe.

Q: Why do blondes write TGIF on their shoes?
A: Toes Go In First

Q: Why do blondes write TGIF on their bras?
A: Tits Go In First

Q: Why do blondes like the GST?
A: It's the only thing they can spell.

Q: Why do blondes wear panties?
A: To keep their ankles warm.

Q: How do you change a blondes mind?
A: Blow in her ear.

Q: What's the difference between a blonde and an airplane?
A: The Black Box ALWAYS tells the truth.

Q: How does a blonde turn on the light in the morning?
A: Opens the car door.

Q: How is a blonde unlike the Titanic?
A: You know how many men went down on the Titanic.
Q: Why did 18 blondes go to the R-rated movie?
A: Because they heard that under 17 was not admitted.

Q: Why did the blonde got fired from the M&M factory?
A: She kept throwing out the W's!

Q: What do four blondes have in common?
A: Nothing they can think of.

Q: What does a blond say after making love?
A: "Thanks guys..."

Q: What is the best protection against rape?
A: dye your hair blond - no one "rapes" a blond!

Q: What do most blonds have against condoms?
A: Their cheeks!

Q: How can you tell a real blond from a fake?
A: Fuck her!

Q: What's the difference between an intelligent blonde and a U.F.O.?
A: There have been U.F.O. sightings.

Q: How do you drown a blonde?
A: Put a mirror at the bottom of the pool....

Q: What do you call a blonde skeleton in the closet???
A: The winner of a Hide and Seek game.....

Q: What do you call a circle of blondes?
A: A dope ring.......

Q: What goes "VROOOM   SCREECH!   VROOOM   SCREECH!   VROOOM  SCREECH!"
A: A blonde at a flashing red light!

Q: Why can't blondes use birth control pills?
A: They keep falling out.

Q: If you have 3 blondes sitting on a couch, how do you know which one
   is the cock sucker?
A: The one spitting feathers!

Q: What happened to the Blonde terrorist who tried to blow up a bus?
A: She burned her lips on the exhaust pipe.

Q: How does a blond hemophiliac cure herself?
A: With acupuncture!

Q: Why does a blond eat beans on Saturday?
A: So she can take a bubble bath on Sunday.

Q: How can you tell when you're in bed with an Blonde man???
A: It's not hard.
Q: What do you call a virgin blonde?
A: An ugly 3rd grader.

Q: What do you have when there are three blondes in a corner?
A: An Air Pocket

Q: What do you call a blond driving a car?
A: An Air Bag

Q. How does a blond screw in a light bulb?
A: With lubricant...
   (but how does she get into the lightbulb?)

Q: What does a blond put behind her ears to attract men?
A: Her ankles!

Q: Did you hear about the blonde girl who thought her typewriter
   was pregnant?
A: Seems it was skipping periods.

Q: What did the blonde say when the job interviewer asked "Please spell
   your name?"
A: "Y-O-U-R  N-A-M-E."

Q. Why Do You Take A Blonde Shopping With You?
A. To Be Able To Park In The HandiCapped Zone.

Q. How many blondes does it take to screw in a light bulb
A. 100  -- 1 to screw it in and 99 to say I can do that.

Q: What do a Bleached Blonde and a 747 have in common?
A: They both have little Black Boxes

Q: What's the difference between a Blonde and a 747?
A: Not everyone's been in a 747!

Q: What's the other difference between a Blonde and a 747?
A: A 747 only goes down occasionally where a Blonde...well...

Q: Why Don't They Give Blondes Coffee-Breaks?
A: It's Such a Pain In The Ass Having To Retrain Them All The Time.

Q: What did the blonde say when she opened the box of cheerios?
A: Oh look, daddy...doughnut seeds

Q: How do you drown a Blonde??
A: Put a mirror in the bathtub...

Q: How do you know when a blonde is having her period?
A: When she can't find her pencil and her tampon's behind her ear.

Q: How come the blonde had a square chest?
A: She forgot to take the Kleenex out of the box.

Q: How do you get a twinkle in a blondes' eye?
A: Shine a flashlight in her ear.

Q: How do you get a one armed blonde out of a tree?
A: Wave.

Q: How did the blonde break her arm raking leaves?
A: Fell out of the tree.

Q: Why don't blondes like to make Kool-Aid?
A: They can't fit 2 quarts of water in the little package.

Q: Why do blondes wash their hair in the kitchen sink?
A: Because that's where you wash vegetables.

Q: What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you?
A: Pull the pin and throw it back.

Q: What does a Blonde do first thing in the morning?
A: Gets dressed and goes home.

Q: Why does a blonde have fur on the hem of her dress?
A: To keep her neck warm.

Q: Why did the blonde cross the road?
A: Never mind that, what was she doing out of the bedroom?

Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a bowling ball?
A: You can only put three fingers in a bowling ball.

Q: What do you call a blonde with a dollar bill on her head.
A: All you can eat under a buck.

Q: What did the blonde call her pet Zebra?
A: Spot.

Q: How is a dumb blonde like spaghetti?
A: They both squirm when you eat them.

Q: Why was the blonde delighted when she finished the jigsaw puzzle in
   11 months?
A: Because the box said 2 to 4 years.

Q: How do you drown a blonde?
A: Put a scratch and snif at the bottom of the pool.

Q: If Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny, a smart blonde and a dumb blonde
   were standing together and someone dropped a $100 bill in front of
   them, who would pick it up?
A: The dumb blonde....there is no such thing as Santa Claus, the Easter
   Bunny, or a smart blonde.

Q: What is the difference between Big Foot and a smart blonde?
A: There have been confirmed sightings of Big Foot.

Q: If a Blonde an "X" wife and an attorney fell out of an airplane
   which one would hit the ground first?
A: Who cares?

Q: What do a blonde and a postage stamp have in common?
A: You lick em, you stick em and you send them on their way.

Q: What's the difference between a miniature circus and a group of
   blondes?
A: The circus is an array of cunning stunts!

Q: Why don't Blondes breast feed their babys?
A: Because it hurts too much when they boil their nipples.

Q: How do you brainwash a Blonde?
A: Give her an enema.

Q: Why didn't the Blonde have any ice cubes for her party?
A: She lost the recipe.

Q: Did you hear about the Blonde who won a gold medal?
A: She was so proud that she had it bronzed.

Q: Why does a Blonde prefer tilt steering?
Q: More headroom.

Q: What thoughts do Blondes have after reading these jokes?
A: None, as usual... and they most likely didn't understand them
   either.

Q: What do you call a brunette and three blondes on a corner?
A: Regular price, four bucks, four bucks, four bucks.

Q: What does a blonde say first thing in the morning?
A: Are all you guys on the same team?

Q: What's similar about Santa Claus, the Tooth Fairy, and Smart
   Blondes?
A: They are all make-believe.

Q: Did you hear that the only job for blondes at the candy factory
A: Proofreading the M&M's?

Q: How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday night?
A: Tell her a joke on thursday...

Q: How many blondes does it take to make chocolate chip cookies???
A: 3, 2 to make the batter, and 2 to peel the M&Ms.....
   sorry (3, 2 to make the batter and 1 to peel the M&Ms).....

Q: Why can't blondes use birth control pills?
A: They keep falling out.


Q: Did you hear about the blond prostitute who didn't vote?
A: She didn't care who got in.

Q: How does a blond screw in a lightbulb?
A: She holds it up to the socket and waits for the world to revolve
   around her.

Q: What do blondes and cow pies have in common?
A: The older they get the easier they are to pick up.

Q: What do you call a zit on a blonde's butt?
A: A brain tumor.

Q: What do you call a blonde in leather jacket?
A: A rebel without a clue!

Q: Why Did The Blonde Have Bruises around Her Navel?
A: Her Boyfriend Was Blonde Too.

Q: Did you hear about the blonde who lost 85% of her brains?
A: Her husband died.

Q: Why can't blondes fart?
A: They don't shut up long enough to build up the pressure.

Q: What does a blonde say in the morning?
A: Who ARE you guys?

Q: How do you make a blonde laugh on Friday?
A: Tell her a joke on Monday.

Q: What do screen doors and blondes have in common?
A: The more you bang them the loser they get.

Q: Why don't blondes have elevator jobs?
A: They don't know the route.

Q: What do blondes and computers have in common?
A: You never appreciate either until they go down on you.

Q: Why don't blondes like vibrators?
A: It's hard on their teeth.

Q: What is the difference between a blonde and the Panama Canal?
A: One is a busy ditch.

Q: What can strike a blonde without them even knowing it?
A: A thought.

Q: What do tou call ten blondes in a swimming pool?
A: An air pocket.

Q: What do you see when you look deep into the eyes of a blonde?
A: The back of her head.

Q: What is dumber than the 133 Blondes above?
A: Me for wasting hours editing and typing these silly things.



 
Some new billboards are getting attention in Cleveland. Some people
reported seeing one or two messages, but the newspaper listed all of
them. Here's a list of all variations of the "God Speaks" billboards.
The billboards are a simple black background with white text. No fine
print or sponsoring organization is included. These are awesome...
enjoy.

Let's meet at my house Sunday before the game.
           -God

C'mon over and bring the kids.
           -God

What part of "Thou Shalt Not..." didn't you understand?
           -God

We need to talk.
           -God

Keep using my name in vain, I'll make rush hour longer.
           -God

Loved the wedding, invite me to the marriage.
           -God

That "Love Thy Neighbor" thing... I meant it.
           -God

I love you and you and you and you and...
           -God

Will the road you're on get you to my place?
           -God

Follow me.
           -God

Big bang theory, you've got to be kidding.
           -God

My way is the highway.
           -God

Need directions?
           -God

You think it's hot here?
           -God

Have you read my #1 best seller? There will be a test.
           -God

Do you have any idea where you're going?
           -God

Don't make me come down there.
           -God 

                              Bill's New House

     While the Gates are moving in from their temporary quarters
     nearby, final construction of their new house is not expected to
     be completed until the end of the year !!
     Bill has a meeting with the contractor....

     Bill: "There are a few issues we need to discuss."

     Contractor: "Ah, you have our basic support option. Calls are free
     for the first 90 days and $75 a call thereafter. Okay?"

     Bill: "Uh, yeah... the first issue is the living room. We think
     its a little smaller than we anticipated."

     Contractor: "Yeah. Some compromises were made to have it out by
     the release date."

     Bill: "We won't be able to fit all our furniture in there."

     Contractor: "Well, you have two options. You can purchase a new,
     larger living room or you can use a Stacker."

     Bill: "Stacker?"

     Contractor: "Yeah, it allows you to fit twice as much furniture
     into the room. By stacking it, of course, you put the
     entertainment center on the couch... the chairs on the table...
     etc. You leave an empty spot, so when you want to use some
     furniture you can unstack what you need and then put it back when
     you're done."

     Bill: "Uh... I dunno... issue two. The second issue is the light
     fixtures. The bulbs we brought with us from our old home won't
     fit. The threads run the wrong way."

     Contractor: "Oh! Thats easy. Those bulbs aren't plug and play.
     You'll have to upgrade to the new bulbs."

     Bill: "And the electrical outlets? The holes are round, not
     rectangular. How do I fix that?"

     Contractor: "Just uninstall and reinstall the electrical system."

     Bill: "You're kidding!?"

     Contractor: "Nope. Its the only way."

     Bill: " Well... I have one last problem. Sometimes, when I have
     guests over someone will flush the toilet and it won't stop. The
     water pressure drops so low that the showers don't work."

     Contractor: "That's a resource leakage problem. One fixture is
     failing to terminate and is hogging the resources preventing
     access from other fixtures."

     Bill: "And how do I fix that?"

     Contractor: "Well, after each flush, you all need to exit the
     house, turn off the water at the street, turn it back on, reenter
     the house and then you can get back to work."

     Bill: "That's the last straw. What kind of product are you selling
     me?"

     Contractor: "Hey, if you don't like it nobody made you buy it."

     Bill: "And when will this be fixed?"

     Contractor: "Oh, in your next house, which will be ready to
     release sometime near the end of next year. Actually it was due
     out this year, but we've had some delays..."

I highly recommend a study of William Blake. You might start with The
Marriage of Heaven and Hell.

More Blakeisms:

And builds a Heaven in Hell's despair
And builds a Hell in Heaven's despite

The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
He who desires but acts not, breeds pestilence.
If the fool would persist in his folly he would become wise.

Prisons are built with stones of Law,
Brothels with bricks of Religion.

The lust of the goat is the bounty of God.
The wrath of the lion is the wisdom of God.
The nakedness of woman is the work of God.

Every thing possible to be believ'd is an image of truth.
The tygers of wrath are wiser than the horses of instruction.
Every Wolf's & Lion's howl raises from Hell a Human Soul.

Thy Heaven doors are my Hell Gates;

Truly, My Satan, thou art but a Dunce

Now the sneaking serpent walks in mild humility
And the just man rages in the wilds where lions roam.

O Urizen! Creator of men! mistaken Demon of heaven!
Mad, he danc'd on his mountains high & dark as heaven.

But Mark! Active Evil is better than Passive Good.
This Angel, who is now become a Devil, is my particular friend

A dragon form, clashing his scales: at midnight he arose,
America is darken'd; and my punishing Demons, terrified,

the study of angels, the workmanship of demons

Art thou she that made the nations drunk with the cup of Religion?
furious lions sound the song of Joy
The cruel joy of Luvah's daughters, lacerating with knives
They catch the shrieks in cups of gold,
But the Human Wine stood wondering;

And was Jerusalem builded here among these dark Satanic Mills?

Suffer not the fashionable Fools to depress your powers

And in its Holiness is closed the Abomination of Desolation.

I must Create a System or be enslav'd by another Man's.

I will not Reason & Compare: my business is to Create.
Calling on God for help, and not ourselves, in whom God dwells,

Mystery, Babylon the Great, The Druid Dragon & hidden Harlot
Dazzling around thy skirts like a Serpent of precious stones
Am I not Lucifer the Great, and you my daughters?

 
I just went through a copy of his Collected Works and keyed into my
tagfile any lines that struck my eye.


From mdyoung@utopia2.com Thu Oct 23 19:31:43 1997
Date: Tue, 21 Oct 1997 00:25:56 GMT
From: Mike Young <mdyoung@utopia2.com>
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes
Subject: Blasphemous Joke List

              Welcome to the "Blasphemous Joke List"

I try to keep the list updated, so if you have an unlisted blasphemous
joke, or if you want a new copy, just email me at:
   
                                   mdyoung@utopia2.com

And now, for the jokes....
*************************************************************

Jew dies, goes to heaven. Meets St. Peter at the pearly gates. Gets 
guided tour of heaven.  At one point they come to a huge wall; say's 
St. Peter, "Sshh." Jew asks why. St. Peter says "On the other side 
of the wall are the Christians, and they think they're the only ones
here."
----------------    

Q: What did the lions say when the Emperor of Rome threw the    
   Christians into the arena?
A: Yum!
----------------

Up in Heaven, God was feeling tired.  He had been a busy deity lately.
Anyways, St. Peter suggests he should go on vacation.  "Where?", rants
God, "I created everything!  I know what everything is!!"  "Well",
replies St. Peter, "Earth is a nice place.  You could go there." "Ohh
no!  Not Earth!", says God, "I went there about two thousand years
ago, screwed some chick, and they're *still* talking about it!"
----------------

Jesus walks into a hotel, tosses three nails on the front desk and 
says, "Hey, can you put me up for the night?"
---------------- 

Jesus, hanging on the cross, spots Peter in the crowd at the bottom 
of the hill. "Peter," he calls. "Peter." Peter hears his name and 
replies, "I hear, Lord, I'm coming," and starts up the hill toward 
the cross. A Roman guard blocks Peter's way and says, "Stop, or I'll 
cut off your arm." But Peter says, "I must go on, my Lord is calling 
me," and tries to pass the guard, who cuts off his arm with a sword. 
Jesus calls again, "Peter, Peter...", so Peter continues, bleeding 
and in terrible pain, up the hill toward the cross. Another guard 
blocks his way and says, "Stop, or I'll cut off your other arm." Peter

ignores this, saying, "I must go on, my Lord is calling me." As Peter
tries to pass the second guard, the guard cuts off his other arm with 
his sword. Jesus calls again, "Peter...," so Peter, getting weak from 
the pain, continues up the hill. A third guard blocks his way and
says, "Stop, or I'll cut off your leg."  Peter says to the guard, "I
must go on, my Lord is calling me."  As Peter tries to continue up the
hill, the guard cuts off his leg. Peter falls in a heap of pain and
blood, but still manages to push and drag himself up the hill toward
the cross with his one remaining leg. Jesus calls again,
"Peter...Peter..." Peter replies, "I hear, Lord, I'm coming." Another
guard steps in front of Peter and says, "Stop, or I'll cut off your
other leg." Peter squirms top try to pass the guard, so the guard cuts
off Peter's other leg. In excruciating pain, Peter uses sheer
willpower to drag his mutilated body to the base of the cross.
Panting, he raises his eyes toward Jesus and says, "I am here, Lord. I
have answered your call. Jesus looks down at Peter and says, "Peter...
I can see your house from here."
----------------  

                Top 10 Reasons
        Why Beer Is Better Than Jesus
 
  -------------------------------------------------
 
  10.  No one will kill you for not drinking Beer.
 
   9.  Beer doesn't tell you how to have sex.
 
   8.  Beer has never caused a major war.
 
   7.  They don't force Beer on minors who can't
       think for themselves.
 
   6.  When you have a Beer, you don't knock on
       people's doors trying to give it away.
 
   5.  Nobody's ever been burned at the stake,
       hanged, or tortured over his brand of Beer.
 
   4.  You don't have to wait 2000+ years for a
       second Beer.
 
   3.  There are laws saying Beer labels can't lie
       to you.
 
   2.  You can prove you have a Beer.
 
   1.  If you've devoted your life to Beer, there are
       groups to help you stop.
--------------- 

Jesus, hanging on the cross, raises his eyes toward the heavens and 
cries, "Father Almighty, please remove these nails from my hands... 
 - WAIT, NO!  THE FEET, THE FEET!!"
----------------  

Q: What was the last request made of Jesus Christ?
A: Hey buddy could you cross your legs?  I've only got three nails.
---------------- 

Q:  Why was Christ able to walk on water?
A:  Shit floats.
---------------- 

Two nuns are bicycling down a cobblestone street.  The first one says
to the other: "I haven't come this way before."  The second one says:
"I know. It's the cobbles."
----------------

Q: Why doesn't Jesus eat M&M's? 
A: They fall through his hands.

----------------
Q: What's the difference between Jesus and a painting?
A: It takes only one nail to hang a painting.
----------------

Q: How can we tell it was a jew who crucified Jesus?
A: Who else would tell the guy to cross his legs to save one spike?

Q: What do you get when you cross a nun with an apple?
A: A computer that won't go down on you!

Q: Why were there only 12 apostles at the Last Supper?
A: The bread and wine weren't enough, so ...

****************************************************************

Keep 'em comin'!! I'm sure the list is just a pale shade of its 
potential... Always willing to spread the blasphemy -

                                mdyoung@utopia2.com



On the first day of Christmas, my true love gave to me
A beer.
On the second day of Christmas, my true love gave to me
Two turtlenecks and a beer.
OK, for brevity, I'll now start at the top:
Eight comic books
Seven packs of smokes
A six-pack of Tuborg
Five golden touques
Four pounds of back bacon
Three french toast
Two turtlenecks
And a beer ... in a tree.
(Where'd you learn that last part, eh?)
(Albums)


Hope this helps.  This is one of our family favorites.
Kind of embarrassing when the four-year-old belts it out to the
grandparents, though.
Nancy G
caught in the crossfire between oldies and classic hits


From: mib1956@uxf.cso.uiuc.edu
Subject: Re: My quotes file
Message-ID: <55600137@uxf.cso.uiuc.edu>
Date: 28 Jan 89 20:45:00 GMT

OK, I guess it's time for me to post my quotes list again.  As usual
(well, kind of -- I've only posted them once before), I will post them
in random order, without attributions, so you can have fun figuring out
where they came from.  In about a week, I'll post the original file,
with the attributes in comments.  I'll also post the wimpy program I
use that reads my .fortunes file.

I have two criteria for my quotes: a) it must be public (ie I don't
include quotes my friend Joe Shmoe said.  People who have tastes very
similar to mine conceivably could recognize all of these quotes) and b)
it must have made me laugh out loud.  This explains why my list is
relatively short (currently, there are 159 entries).

I will happily take corrections to the wording of the quotes, but,
please, no suggestions for additional quotes.  Somehow, this list is
very personal, and if I don't spot the quote myself, I probably won't
include it.  Oh, plaudits, compliments, and the like are welcome -- in
fact they are required.

	Steven
	...!ucbvax!grady
	grady@postgres.berkeley.edu

- Incip -

"Wheat.  So what?"

"A penny for your thoughts?"
"A dollar for your death."

"Get a life!"

...And since the stench of death will always attract flies and vermin,
the arrival of Geraldo was perhaps inevitable.

"I'm sorry, but you must have me confused with some OTHER
plate-lipped white girl named `Irene'"

"You're just the sort of person I imagined marrying, when I was little...
..except, y'know, not green...
...and without all the patches of fungus."

Every now and then when your life gets complicated and the weasels
start closing in, the only real cure is to load up on heinous chemicals
and then drive like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas.

"Oh Mr. Bellpit, your legs are so swollen!"

"It's Czechoslovakia!  It's like going into Wisconsin!"

The heart, the liver, the spleen, the pancreas.  All these miraculous
organs work in _total_darkness_!

"Nice tie... BONEHEAD!"

"Bicycle Repair Man, how can I ever repair you?"
"Well, you don't need to, gov, it's all right.
It's all in a day's work for ... Bicycle Repair Man. <Sniff!>"

"Comedy.  Sudden, violent, comedy!"

"Bring the little ones unto me, and I will get
a good price for them."

"What do you say we guys go down to the beach and shoot
some clams?"

"Zere were zwei peanuts walking down ze strasse.
And one was assaulted.. peanut.  Ha ha ha.."

Ant Boy calmly prepares to execute his new friend ant-style...
by PINCHING OFF HIS HEAD!

You think you got it rough?
What about your darling doggy?
Ten short years
and he's getting old and groggy.

"I'm not saying we won't get our hair mussed a bit.."

"Thank God.  The police."

"I don't know what you want here, but I think you should
know that I've killed a LOT of old people in my time,
and I'm not above doing it again."

"I told them kids to keep their arms inside the ride.
Damnedest thing I ever saw."

"But Calvin is no kind and loving god!  He's one of
the _old_ gods!  He demands sacrifice!"

"Cerebus can destroy ANYTHING.  Cerebus is the POPE."

"I'll have you all executed!"
"I think not."

"`Psychophallystisis.'"
"Eat hot death, Steve."

"I'm a LAGOMORPH, Sam!  Look it up!"

"I've heard about these cult jamborees.  It's an international
goon gathering.  Lots of howling and drinking... Orgiastic
worship of heathen idols... Great looking chicks in diaphanous robes..."

"Do you think there's a God?"
"Well, SOMEbody's out to get me!"

"I may be synthetic, but I'm not stupid."

"Flint Paper is insane.  I really respect that."

"Llamas are larger than frogs."

"It's no longer a blue world, Max.  Where can we go?"
"Argentina?"

"Curse you, Inspector Dim. You are too clever for us naughty people."

"It's classified.  I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you."

"We interviewers are more than a match for the likes of you, Two-Sheds!"
"Yes, make yourself scarce, Two-Sheds.  This studio isn't big enough for
the three of us!"
"Get your own arts program, you fairy!"

"Inconceivable!"
"You use that word a lot.  I don't think it means what you think it does."

"He'p me!  Somebody, pleez, he'p me!  I been hypmotize'!"

"Jane, you ignorant slut."

"No!  That's just what they'll be expecting us to do!"

If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would
have made them cute and furry. 

"The evidence before the court is
incontrovertible; there's
no need for the jury to
retire."

"Round up the usual suspects!"

"Well, it's garish, ugly, and derelicts have used it
for a toilet.  The rides are dilapidated to the point
of being lethal, and could easily maim or kill innocent
little children."
"Oh, so you don't like it?"
"Don't like it?  I'm CRAZY for it."

"Mr. Notlob, there's nothing wrong with you that an expensive
operation can't prolong!"

"If I could walk that way, I wouldn't need the aftershave."

"If you could have any amount of money... How much would you want?"
"All of it."

"Have you got a 27 B stroke 6?"

"Don't be stupid.  Be a smarty.
 Come and join the Nazi Party."

"Take me away, imperialist puppets of the great Pay-TV satanistic
corporate booger-heads!"

"I want a full scale Red Alert throughout the world.  Surround EVERYONE
with EVERYTHING we got!  Mobilize every fighting unit and every weapon
we can lay our hands on.  I want...  I want three full scale global
nuclear alerts, with every Army, Navy, and Air Force unit on ETERNAL standby!"

"Ho!  Ha-ha!  Guard!  Turn!  Parry!  Dodge!  Spin!  Ha!  Thrust!"

A hundred bottles of beer on the wall, a hundred bottles
of beer.  If one of those bottles should happen to
fall, it would shake the very foundations of the Universe.
	-from Mauve'Bib's "The Seven Pillows of Wisdom,"
			edited by the Princess Serutan

"Hey, stewardess.  Run through that seatbelt demonstration
a few more times.  It's unbelievably tricky!"

"Mushy mushy mushy."

"It's the Peterson kid dressed as an iguana!"

"Nice girls don't explode."

"Well, I noticed the lad with the thermonuclear device was the Chief
Constable for the area."

Pipo was born with few complications, but then the doctor accidently
dropped the infant on her head provoking her drunken father to drag
the physician outside where he would beat him to death with a live
ocelot.

"It's real handy, havin' an Elder God in the band, eh?"

"We have your favorite animal cookies.  Here's
a gorilla... Here's a collared peccary..."

"A mind is a terrible thing to waste someone with."

"[The vector] has never been of the slightest use to any creature."
			-Lord Kelvin

"The good thing about drawing a tiger is that it automatically
makes your picture fine art."

"Take my Worf, please."

"`BILLSBY SLASHES FOUR, DIES IN COCAINE BRAWL'"
"That's the front page, Mrs. Billsby."

"It's a dessert topping AND a floor wax!"

"It's funny, I hate the itching, but I don't mind the swelling."

"You know what I wish?  I wish all the scum of the Earth had one throat
and I had my hands about it."

"...just when I had you wriggling in the crushing grip of reason, too..."

"I like overkill."

"Where do we keep all our chainsaws, mom?"

"Did you know the phone company uses the bone marrow
of Third World babies to make microchips?"

"The part I think I'd like best is crushing people who get in my way."

"Regrettable that this society has chosen suicide."

"Get that finger out of your ear!  You don't know where that finger's been!"

"Mind you, I can't say much for the volume's condition.
I mean, there's a hole in the jacket and the spine appears
to be damaged."

"You have an annoying fascination for timepieces, Mr. Sulu"

"Back off, man!  I'm a scientist!"

"What are your general areas of interests?"
"Aerodynamics.  Designer jeans.  Roofing supplies.  That sort of thing."
"What sort of thing?"
"You know, liquidity.  Point-of-sale.  Margin accounts.  Fast lane."

"In accordance with our principles of free enterprise and
healthy competition, I'm going to ask you two to fight to
the death for it."

"Why do you wear that toy on your head?"
"Because if I wear it anywhere else, it chafes."

"Are there many fires in Norway?"
"Oh Good Lord yes.  The place is a constant blaze!"

"Dick!  You're FIRED!"

"Storage Compartments?  Storage Compartments?"

"Yes, well, that's just the sort of blinkered philistine pig-ignorance
I've come to expect from you non-creative garbage."

"What a pinhead!  Does he not fear us?!"

"Sorry, Nick.  I lied, man."

"The world bores you when you're cool."

"The living dead don't NEED to solve word problems."

"Mind you, not as bad as the night Archie Pettigrew ate some
sheep's testicles for a bet...God, that bloody sheep kicked him..."

"I'm doing everything I can, and stop calling me Shirley."

"Decadent rodent, we will bury you."

Dark and lonely
on a summer night.
Kill my landlord,
Kill my landlord.

Watchdog barkin'
Do he bite?
Kill my landlord,
Kill my landlord.

Senators, TV Crews, and the nation in general are mystified when,
on the third day, Flaming Carrot shows a STAR TREK BLOOPER REEL
on behalf of the defense.

Your digestive system is your body's Fun House, whereby food goes
on a long, dark, scary ride, taking all kinds of unexpected twists
and turns, being attacked by vicious secretions along the way, and
not knowing until the last minute whether it will be turned into a
useful body part or ejected into the Dark Hole by Mister Sphincter.

"LONG LIVE THE GLORIOUS COCKROACH REBELLION AGAINST THE
GREAT SUBURBAN BOURGEOIS OPPRESSOR SWINE-PIG!"
        <Slam!>
"I HATE revolutionary jargon."

"You try any preversions in there, and I'll blow your head off."

He has been known by many names;  the Prince of Lies,
the Director, Lucifer, Belial, and once, at a party,
some obnoxious drunk kept calling him "Dude".

"I've got to concentrate.  I've got to concentrate!
..Hello?
..Echo!
..Pinch hitting for Pedro Borbon, Manny Mota!"

"I try to make everyone's day a little more surreal."

"I'm 6 foot 5, and I eat punks like you for breakfast!"

"Elvis has LEFT the building!"

"Hurl that spheroid down the field.."

"I think all right-thinking people in this country are sick and tired of
being told that ordinary, decent people are fed up in this country with being
sick and tired.  I'm certainly not!  But I'm sick and tired of being told
that I am!"

"Has anybody seen my legs?"

"We're taking you to a clambake."

"It's hard to get a refund when the salesman is sniffing
your crotch and baying at the moon..."

"That's the fact, Jack!"

"Kato, what is going on in that little yellow brain of yours?"

"They're not booing.  They're just chanting `Dave! Dave!'"

"To me it is like a mountain.. a vast BOWL of PUS!"

"So whaddya want?  Wicker?!?"

`As leader, you should never forget those who are loyal
to you.  You should hold parties for them regularly
and have lots of whiskey (free) for them.  That way, they
get drunk and reveal themselves as the disloyal vermin they
all are in reality.'
       -- "On Governing"

"You know, once in a while it is my pleasure, and my privilege to welcome
here at the Refreshment Room some of the truly great international
artists our time.  And tonight we have one such artist.  Ladies and
gentlemen, someone who I've always personally admired, perhaps
more deeply, more strongly, more ... abjectly than other performer.
A man, well, more than a man, a god!  A great god, whose personality
is so totally and utterly wonderful, that my feeble words of welcome
sound wretchedly and pathetically inadequate.  Someone whose boots I
would gladly lick clean, until holes wore through my tongue!  A man
who is so totally and utterly wonderful, that I would rather be sealed
in a pit of my own filth than dare tread on the same stage with him!
Ladies and Gentlemen, the incomparably superior human being, Harry Fink!"
"He can't come!"

"Oh oh!  No more buttered scones for me, Mater,
I'm off to play the grand piano!"

"Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue!"

"There should be a psychology of feet.  For do we not
make decisions with our legs, and walk about on our brains?
What do you mean, `No, not really,'?"
	-from "The Notebooks of Mauve'Bib--Outtakes, Bloopers,
		and Unconvincing Maxims," Edited by the Princess Serutan.

"Say, isn't that a twenty-story-high Gumby-shaped robot
approaching at about Mach 8?"
"What do you know...?  So it is."

"Into the mud, Scum Queen!"

That's not funny, that's sick!

"Then you admit confirming not denying you ever said that?"
"NO!...I mean Yes!  WHAT?"
"I'll put `maybe.'"

"Sometimes you just gotta say `what the heck'."

"How soon do you wish to marry my daughter?"
"Oh, right away, squire, right away!  I 'aven't 'ad any for weeks!"

"Guards, beat this man brutally for daring to try to confuse me!"

"Happiness is being famous for your financial
ability to indulge in every kind of excess."

"The band is just fantastic,
That is really what I think,
Oh by the way, which one's Pink?"

"Right.  Who's got a boil on his semprini then?"

"You look like a man with the minimum daily requirement of
intelligence.  Where can I find a book on self-confidence?"

"Kirk may be a swaggering, overbearing, tin-plated dictator with
delusions of godhood, but he's not soft."

"Mind your manners, son!  I've got a tall pointy hat!"

Birds of prey know they're cool.

"We're aimed the wrong way to be going home, Gumby."
"Home...?  We're on an express elevator to HECK!"

"Koko, will there be gnomes and dwarves for Lebee to wrestle with?"
"Yes Mishu, and also trolls and mutants we may spar with!"

"Spontaneous combustion!  What a stroke of luck!"

"This man is no ordinary man.  This is Mr. F. G. Superman."

"Mistakes were made."

"You'd better ask yourself `Do I feel lucky?'
Well, do you, punk?"

"Are you police officers?"
"No, ma'am.  We're musicians."

"And was head of Gestapo for 10 years - No!  5 years!
No!  No!  Nein, was not head of Gestapo at all!  I make joke."

"He's not Santa Claus...He doesn't LOOK like Santa Claus!"
"Don't judge a book by its hide, kid.  I let folks believe
that `fat, jolly' nonsense 'cause it makes 'em FEEL good.
So, are you tots gonna bust me out of here, or stand there
gaping like trout?"

"Hey Dad, you crossed my line of death!"

"I guess test-flying F-20 Tigersharks at Mach 3 all
day has rattled my good manners..."

We Americans live in a nation where the medical-care system is
second to none in the world, unless you count maybe 25 or 30 little
scuzzball countries like Scotland that we could vaporize in seconds
if we felt like it.

"My nipples explode with delight!"

"Vaya con dios, scumbucket."

"How does this sound..?  `Stop, or I'll stand very,
very still for a surprisingly long time!'"

"One of us should bust in and confuse them while _I_
head them off around front."

"Joey, do you like movies about gladiators?"

"If you don't vote for me I'll kill you all."

"The use of unnecessary violence in the apprehension
of the Blues Brothers has been approved."

"They're an insidious bunch, your killer pianos.
Had one get loose on me back in '62.  It slipped
out of the cables while we were lowering it out
of its twelfth story apartment, and crushed six
innocents in an insane bid for freedom."

"Leaving a trail of slime wherev-"
           >CLICK!<

"But, will I get the chicks?  I mean, in truckloads?"

"I haven't time to go chasing after him!  There's violence to be done!"

"They pelted us with rocks and garbage!"

"Why are you RUNNING?  Cerebus just wants to KILL you a little..."

"Max, that bathing suit you're wearing makes my flesh crawl!
And where did you get sunglasses to fit your bizarrely-spaced
eyeballs?"

"Sir, I think I wanted to express the duality of man - a kind of
Jungian thing, sir."

- Finis -
 
From marlin.ucsf.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hammer.uoregon.edu!news-xfer.netaxs.com!cam-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.bbnplanet.com!howland.erols.net!newsxfer.itd.umich.edu!news.mtu.edu!msunews!harbinger.cc.monash.edu.au!munnari.OZ.AU!news.mel.connect.com.au!news.mel.aone.net.au!news.netspace.net.au!news.mira.net.au!vic.news.telstra.net!news.telstra.net!139.134.5.33! Sun Apr 13 18:02:17 1997
From: "Haigh" <Haigh@onaustralia.com.au>
Subject: Definitive blonde joke list?
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes
Message-ID: <01bc4587$122a6100$LocalHost@default>
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Internet News 4.70.1155
NNTP-Posting-Host: 139.134.91.205
Date: 12 Apr 97 03:25:49 GMT
Lines: 211
Path: marlin.ucsf.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hammer.uoregon.edu!news-xfer.netaxs.com!cam-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.bbnplanet.com!howland.erols.net!newsxfer.itd.umich.edu!news.mtu.edu!msunews!harbinger.cc.monash.edu.au!munnari.OZ.AU!news.mel.connect.com.au!news.mel.aone.net.au!news.netspace.net.au!news.mira.net.au!vic.news.telstra.net!news.telstra.net!139.134.5.33!
Xref: marlin.ucsf.edu alt.tasteless.jokes:56017

Q: How do blonde braincells die ?
A: Alone. 

Q: How do you brainwash a blonde?
A: Give her a douche and shake her upside down. 

Q: How do you change a blonde's mind?
A1: Blow in her ear.
A2: Buy her another beer. 

Q: How do you measure a blonde's intelligence?
A: Stick a tire pressure gauge in her ear! 

Q: HOW DO YOU KEEP A BLONDE BUSY ALL DAY?
A: Put her in a round room and tell her to sit in the corner. 

Q: How do you get a blonde to marry you?
A: Tell her she's pregnant. 

Q: What will she ask you?
A: "Is it mine?" 


------------------------------------------------------------------------
There were three women who were at the gynecologist having pre-natal
checkups. The doctor asked the first woman "in what position was the baby
conceived ?"
"He was on top ", she replied.
"You will have a boy !" the doctor exclaimed.
The second woman was asked the same question.
"I was on top ", was the reply.
"You will have a baby girl. " said the doctor.
With this, the third women, a blond, burst into tears.
"Whats the matter ?" asked the doc.
"Am I going to have puppies ?".....



------------------------------------------------------------------------
Q: How does a blonde kill a fish?
A: She drowns it. 

Q: A blond going to London on a plane, how can you steal her window seat?
A: Tell her the seats that are going to London are all in the middle row. 

Q: Why are only 2% of blondes touch-typists?
A: The rest are hunt'n peckers. 

Q: WHAT DO YOU DO WHEN A BLONDE THROWS A PIN AT YOU?
A: Run like Hell....she's got a hand grenade in her mouth. 

Q: WHAT DO YOU CALL A BLONDE GOLFER WITH AN IQ OF 125? 
A: a foursome. 

Q: WHAT DO YOU GIVE THE BLONDE WHO HAS EVERYTHING?
A: Penicillin. 

Q: What do you call a blond mother-in-law?
A: An air bag. 

Q: What nickname is most used by blondes in order to boost their
popularity?
A: B.J. 

Q: What do blondes do for foreplay?
A: Remove their underwear. 

Q: What do blonde virgins eat?
A: Baby food. 

Q: What's the mating call of the blonde?
A: "I'm *sooo* drunk!" 

Q: What is the mating call of the ugly blonde?
A: (Screaming) "I said: I'm drunk!" 

Q: WHAT IS BLONDE AND GREEN AND JUMPS FROM BED TO BED?
A: A prostitoad. 

Q: Why did the blonde stare at frozen orange juice can for 2 hours?
A: Because it said 'concentrate'. 

Q: WHY DID THE BLONDE BAKE A CHICKEN FOR 3 AND A HALF DAYS?
A: It said cook it for half an hour per pound, and she weighed 125.



------------------------------------------------------------------------
A dumb Blonde died and went to Heaven. When she got to the Pearly Gates,
she met Saint Peter who said, "Before you get to come into Heaven, you have
to pass a test."
"Oh, No!" she said but Saint Peter said not to worry he'd make it easy.
"Who was God's son?" said Saint Peter.
The dumb Blonde thought for a few minutes and said "Andy!"
"That's interesting... What made you say that?" said Saint Peter
Then She started to sing "Andy walks with me! Andy talks with me! Andy
tells me..."

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Q: What do you call a blonde with ESP and PMS?
A: A know-it-all bitch. 

Q: WHAT DID THE BLOND SAY WHEN SHE WOKE UP UNDER THE COW?
A: What are you guys still doing here? 

Q: WHAT ARE THE WORST SIX YEARS IN A BLONDE'S LIFE?
A: Third Grade. 

Q: WHAT DID THE BLONDE SAY ABOUT BLONDE JOKES?
A: She said they were pretty good, but they might offend some Puerto
Ricans. 

Q: WHAT DID THE BLONDE THINK OF THE NEW COMPUTER?
A: She didn't like it because she couldn't get MTV. 

Q: What do UFO's and smart blondes have in common?
A: You keep hearing about them, but never see any. 

Q: What does a blond say during a porno movie?
A: There I am!! 


------------------------------------------------------------------------
A blonde goes into the drug store to buy some condoms (so she can practice
safe sex). She walks up to the pharmicist and asks "How much for a box of
condoms?"
"They're $1 for a box of 3," he replied, "Plus 6 cents for the tax."
"Oh," said the blonde, "I wondered how they kept them on."

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Q: How do you confuse a blonde?
A: You don't. They're born that way. 

Q: Why do blondes hate M&Ms?
A: They're too hard to peel. 

Q: How do you know when a blonde has been making chocolate chip cookies?
A: You find M&M shells all over the kitchen floor. 

Q: What job function does a blonde have in an M&M factory?
A: Proofreading. 

Q: Do you know why the blonde got fired from the M&M factory?
A: For throwing out the W's. 

Q: Why don't blondes like making KOOL-AID?
A: Because they can't fit 8 cups of water in the little packet. 

Q: How does the blonde car pool work?
A: They all meet at work at 7:45. 

Q: What happens when a blonde gets Alzheimers disease?
A: Her IQ goes up! 

Q: Why was the blonde disappointed with her trip to England?
A: She found out Big Ben is only a clock. 

Q: Why can't blondes make ice cubes?
A: They always forget the recipe. 

Q: DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE BLONDE THAT ATE MOUNTAIN OYSTERS?
A: She was dragged 200 yards. 

Q: How many blondes does it take to play Hide and Seek?
A: One. 

Q: Why couldn't the blonde write the number ELEVEN ?
A: She didn't know what ONE came first... 

Q: Why don't blondes talk when having sex?
A1: Their mothers told them not to talk to strangers. 

Q: What do you call a blonde with 90% of her intelligence gone?
A: Divorced. 

Q: How can you tell when a blonde is dating a cowboy?
A: By the buckle print on her forehead. 

Q: How can you tell who is a blonde's boyfriend?
A: He's the one with the belt buckle the matches the impression in her
forehead! 

Q: How can you tell if a blonde writes mysteries?
A: She has a checkbook. 

Q: What's the difference between a prostitute, a nymphomaniac, and a
blonde?
A: The prostitute says "Aren't you done yet?"
The nympho says "Are you done already?"
The blonde says "Beige...I think I'll paint the ceiling beige."


Q: Why does a blonde only change her baby's diapers every month?
A: Because it says right on it "good for up to 20 pounds." 

Q: Why do blondes have see-through lunch box lids?
A1: So they know if it is morning or afternoon.
A2: So that when they're on the train they can tell if they're going to
work or coming home. 

Q: Why don't blondes double recipes?
A: The oven doesn't go to 700 degrees. 

Q: Why don't blondes make good pharmacists?
A: They can't get the bottle into the typewriter. 

Q: Why don't blondes call 911 in an emergency?
A1: They can't remember the number.
A2: She can't find the number 11 on the telephone buttons. 

Q: What's the first thing a blonde does in the morning?
A1: Introduces themself.
A2: Walks home. 

Q: What's the first thing a blonde does after sex?
A: Opens the car door. 

Q: What is the worst thing about sex with a blond?
A: Bucket seats. 

Q: What do you call a skeleton in the closet with blonde hair?
A: Last years hide and go seek winner. 

Q: What do you call a basement full of blondes?
A: A whine cellar. 

Q: Why did the blonde have tire tread marks on her back?
A: From crawling across the street when the sign said "DON'T WALK". 

Q: Why did the blonde keep a coat hanger in her back seat?
A: In case she locks the keys in her car. 

Q: Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished 
her jigsaw puzzle in only 6 months?
A: Because on the box it said From 2-4 years. 

Q: Did you hear about the blonde coyote?
A: Got stuck in a trap, chewed off three legs and was still stuck. 

Q: What's a blonde's favorite nursery rhyme?
A: Humpme Dumpme. 

Q: What did the blonde customer say to the buxom waitress (reading her
nametag) 
A: "'Debbie'...that's cute. What did you name the other one ?" 

Q: A blonde is walking down the street with a pig under her arm.
She passes a person who asks "Where did you get that?"
A: The pig says, "I won her in a raffle!" 

Q: A blonde ordered a pizza and the clerk asked if he should
cut it in six or twelve pieces. A: "Six, please. I could never eat twelve
pieces."


A blonde, a brunette and a redhead went into a bar and asked the bartender:
Brunette: "I'll have a B and C."
Bartender:"What is a B and C?".
Brunette: "Bourbon and Coke."
Redhead: "And, I'll have a G and T."
Bartender: "What's a G and T?"
Redhead: "Gin and tonic."
Blonde: "I'll have a 15."
Bartender: "What's a 15?"
Blonde: "7 and 7"

------------------------------------------------------------------------
A blonde was driving down the highway to Disneyland when she saw a sign
that said "DISNEYLAND LEFT". After thinking for a minute, she said to
herself "oh well !" and turned around an drove home.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


On her way home the same blonde drove past another sign that said "CLEAN
RESTROOMS 8 MILES". By the time she drove eight miles, she had cleaned 43
restrooms.

------------------------------------------------------------------------


A dumb blonde was bragging about her knowledge of the state capitals. She
proudly said," go ahead, ask me, I know all of them." A red head said,
"O.K., what's the capital of Wisconsin?" The blonde replied, "Oh, that's
easy, 'W'."




Xref: pilchuck rec.humor:135368 rec.humor.d:2860
Path: pilchuck!entropy1!nwnews.wa.com!news-chi-2.sprintlink.net!news-chi-1.sprintlink.net!news-east.sprintlink.net!news-peer.sprintlink.net!news.sprintlink.net!Sprint!newsfeed.internetmci.com!206.221.240.2!tungsten.tor.sfl.net!newsadmin@tor.sfl.net
From: ao766@freenet.toronto.on.ca (Dark Shadow)
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.humor,alt.humor,rec.humor,rec.humor.d
Subject: Bastard operators from hell
Date: Fri, 13 Feb 1998 00:33:12 GMT
Organization: Shaw FiberLink Ltd.
Lines: 747
Message-ID: <34e794a9.34120249@news.jet2.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dyn-77.jet2.net
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.5/32.452

-BASTARD OPERATOR FROM HELL #7

So I manage AT LONG LAST, to get a couple of hours off for lunch, AND,
because
I can't
leave my desk unattended, I get the janitor in and have him sit in my chair.
I tell him that
all he has to do is make sure the receiver doesn't accidentally get put back
on the hook. He
agrees and I'm off.

First stop, the bank.   I change a $50 note into quarters and then ask to
see
a balance of
my account. Then I yank the power lead out of the teller's vdu. It dies.  I
say I'm in a hurry
and is the manager around?

He rolls over like a man-sized twinkie and asks what the problem is.  I say
that all I want
is a balance of my accounts.  I cross my fingers.  YES! He finds the vdu
lead
out, plugs it
in, and logs in, TO THE MANAGER'S ACCOUNT. Now's my chance - I slip up
against
the
counter, slopping 200 coins across the counter.  The manager ignores it, but
all the
tellers dive for the money.  I watch, unobserved, as the manager types in
his
password at
the breakneck speed of one character a minute. At that rate I should've got
$100 worth....
He finishes typing.   "MONEY".  What a toughy!  Well, that's my mortgage
taken
care of
tonight...

A user that I recognise from "D(eletion) day '89" approaches.  I think he's
going to talk to
me.  Even the bank manager is shaking his head furiously. But it's too late,
he stops.

"Um, excuse me, Could you tell me what is the best computer to buy to do my
thesis on?

?!

Right.

"You've heard of Commodore 64's?"   I ask

"Yes?.."

"Avoid them like the plague!  Not many people know this, but computers
aren't
made to
handle that much memory - it's over 64,000 things, more in some cases. It's
a
recipe for  disaster!"

"Oh!"

"Try something safe and proven.  A ZX81 with dual cassette drive if you can
get it.  The 1K
ram model.  Write that down.  Don't buy a disk drive - You know how they're
always
failing, but music cassettes last forever!"

"Hey thanks!"

"No worries.  What was your username again?"

He tells me.  Just in time for D-Day 92.  You'd think they'd learn.

I get back to work and the janitor's asleep at the terminal.  I ask him if
he
wants to work
here too, but he likes the ability to bust in on people when they're in the
toilet...

I put the phone back on the hook, and straight away it rings.  I hate it
when
it does that, it
takes me AGES to get my walkman phones in.

It's the hottest hosemonster I've ever met, and she's got a computer
problem!
I love it when that happens!

"What's your username?" I ask

She tells me (as if I didn't know)

Quick as I can I read all her e-mail (mostly boring stuff), then grep
everyone
else's mail  files for her username.  Nothing.  Excellent!

"What's the problem?" I ask, all smiles and charm.

"I can't save my documents, it says something about space."

"Not a problem for long" I say, and delete everyone else on the same disk as
her.  "You  should be fine now.."

"Thank you so much" she gushes.  I make a mental note to do something to her
account    again tomorrow. "No worries."

The phone rings almost before I've got it on the hook.

"My files are all gone!" a voice whines out at me.

"When did this happen?" I ask.

"Just now..." he says, through the tears

"I see.  Well, I wouldn't worry, there's three days till the end of the
semester, if you
work day and night until then, you should get at least a C-"

He sobs a couple more times then hangs up.  What a wimp.

THE PHONE RINGS AGAIN!

"The screen on my PC is really dim" The woman at the other end says  "Should
I
wind the
brightness knob up?"

"NO!" I scream  "Don't touch that knob!  Have you any idea of the radiation
that comes out of that thing when the knob gets wound up?!!!!"

"Well I..." she says, all uncertain

"TAKE MY ADVICE!"  I say "There's only ONE way to fix a dim display, and
that's by power surging the drivers"

The words "power surging" and "drivers" have got her.  People hear words
like
that and go
into dummy mode and do ANYTHING you say.  I could tell her to run naked
across
campus
with a powercord rammed up her backside and she'd probably do it...  Hmmm...

"Have you got a spare power cord?"

"No.."

"Oh well, never mind, we'll have to do the power surge idea...  Ok, quick as
you can, I want you to flick the power switch of your PC on and off 30
times"

"Should I take my disks out?"

"NO!  Do you want to lose all your data!?!"

"Oh.  No!  Ok.."

I listen carefully.. ..

...clicky..clicky...clikky.. .. .. ...clicky.     ...cliccy..
. . BOOM!

Amazing, it probably made it to 27 - the power supply usually shits itself
at
15 or so...

"MY COMPUTER BLEW UP!!!" she screams at me down the line

"Really?  Must've been a dodgy power supply!  Lucky we found out now!  Is
your
machine  still under warranty?"

"NO!"

"Dear oh dear.  Well, Best get it repaired then.  Did you backup your
files?"

"Yes, to the system, Yesterday, but all this morning's work is gone!"

"Oh dear.  What was your username, I'll just check that your backups worked
ok?"

She tells me....
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


BASTARD OPERATOR FROM HELL #8

I'm at my desk as usual, and a user calls.

"Hello Computer Room, Simon here, How can I help" I answer

"I can't get into my account!" A user mumbles at me.

"What was your username please?" I say

They give me their username.  No worries.  I look in their account.

"No worries, it was just a badly made login file.  I've fixed it, you should
be able to login."

"Thanks!"

"No worries.   Have a nice day!"

WHAT IS THIS?  you're asking yourself.  Has the BASTARD OPERATOR FROM HELL
turned
over a new leaf?  Sold out?!   GONE INSANE?!!! Nope.  The BASTARD OPERATOR
FROM
HELL is being logfiled.  And if that's happen- ing, I'm being bugged as
well.
So I'm being
nice till I can find the bugs.  It shouldn't be long - bear with me.

Ah.  One in the phone handpeice.  Basic.  But then the boss is a sneaky
sort,
so there's
probably a couple more.  Ah!  And another in the base of the phone and one
inside my
keyboard.  Time for a mad coffee-spilling frenzy.  This is a big job, so I
bring the whole
jug over and wait for a witness.  The System Manager comes in.

"Where's that report of mine?" he asks in a surly manner - he's obviously
pissed that I
haven't implicated myself yet.  Antagonist Identified.  As the Principal of
"BASTARD
OPERATOR SCHOOL" (me) will tell you, "There's no problem so large it can't
be
solved by
killing the user off, deleting their files, closing their account and
reporting their REAL earnings to the IRS"

I pull his printout from under the coffee jug where I put it, and the coffee
splashes all
over the phone and keyboard, which for some reason were stacked on top of
each
other.

"Woopsy!"  I say, mock horror on my face.  The System Manager's face tells
me
I was
right in my guess.

"Don't think you'll get away with this!" he snarls and stomps off.

I click on the ethernet monitor and watch the traffic coming out of his PC.

Ah!  A memo, authorising the termination of my contract, going to the laser
in
the
director's office. I make a few alterations to the file in the spool
directory
and let it go to
it's destination.  I run my dinky little program that deposits -522 to the
PC
and our
mainframe shits itself.

Later, while booting, I'll remove that nasty logfile business.

      Next, I wander into the comms room and plug my earphone into the spare
RS232 port
in the Directors office.  It's amazing how simple it is to bug an office
once
it's got data
lines going to it!

Director: "Are you sure about this?" SysMgr: "OF COURSE!"
Director: "You don't want to reconsider?" SysMgr "NEVER!" Director:
"Very well, I'll fax it to staffing now.." SysMgr "EXCELLENT!"

Two seconds later the System Manager strolls in smiling. "Well, I'll really
miss you
Simon.." he says, full of himself.

"Oh?" I say, all sweetness and charm "Where are you going?"

"No Simon" he says, with glee "You're going"

"A PROMOTION!" I say "You've finally written that letter to the head of
staffing telling
him he's a bum-sucking arse bandit and that you quit?"

"No..."

"Are you sure?  It's much better than the one about me being fired.."

"Y.."  His eyes widen slightly

It's like clubbing a seal to death with a foam cushion.  He runs to stop the
fax.  Only,
having just resigned, >clicky cklikcy< his card key no longer works...

Ametuers...

The Phone rings.  It's the same guy as before

"I can get into my account now, but I've run out of disk"

"Hang on, I'll see what I can do"

>clicccky<... rm -r *

------------------------------------------------------------------------

BASTARD OPERATOR FROM HELL #9

I'm driving to work and I'm stuck behind this old guy, the classic slow
driver
from hell,
whose  car red-lines at 20 mph and can't take corners at more than 5.  I
honk
my horn
but his hearing aid's probably turned way down to "whisper", so I'm stuck.

I make a mental note of his license plate.  In fact, I did that 60 times a
minute for 15 and a
half minutes.  Oh dear.. oh dear....  Looks like another call to the DMV
Database to register
a vehicle as stolen by out of town arms dealers...

I get to work, flick the excuse page over.  "ELECTROMAGNETIC RADIATION FROM
SATTELLITE DEBRIS".  Fair enough, it looks like it's going to be a good day.

I log into "FUCKYOU", (the help-desk enquiries username) and go into mail.
There's 3
new messages, the first of which is 117 lines long, so it's obviously a
storyteller.  Shit, I
hate that. Instead of saying "My account needs more disk space" they tell
you
about how
they're doing this bit of research for a lecturer and how it's got to be in
yesterday, and
they almost had it but their second cousing twice removed had a perforated
herpes scab
and lost a lot of blood and had to be rushed into hospital... etc etc.  I
delete the message.

Second message I read, but it's one of those people who can't handle the
mail
interface and
send a null message, so all you get is headers.  I reply to the message
saying
"No worries,
we can do that by next tuesday".  Hope it was important.

The last message I leave for tommorrow, because Saturday would be a dull day
if I ever
had to work then.

The phone rings.  I thought I'd fixed that!

I put it on hands free so I can slop some pizza into the microwave.

"Yes" I call

"Something's wrong with my Boot disk, I can't login to the server"

"Have you got your disk with you?"

"Sure!"

I go get the disk and put it and the pizza in for 5 minutes on "ULTRA-NUKE".

Six minutes later, he rings back.

"It still doesn't work, and now my disk makes a funny noise and smells."

"OH SHIT!  It's that electromagnetic radiation from satellite debris again!"

"Really?  I think I heard about that!"  (What a tool!)

"Yep, I'm sorry, you'll have to buy another disk"

"Oh, that's ok, I don't mind, the old one was getting worn.  Thanks"

"Sure, no worries.  And be sure to run it through our virus checker FDISK
when
you get a
lot of important data on it..."

"I will!  Thanks!"

"That's Ok - it's my job!"

Xcbzone is running really slow so I kill off a whole lot of database
backends
that seem to
be hogging all the cpu and get back into my game.  Much better.

It isn't easy on the frontline, work work work...

I go to the cafeteria for a quick 2 hour snack - they're so nice to me
there.
They always
have been, ever since that computer glitch that registered their kitchen as
an
organ
recipient - very messy.  I grab a couple of cans of coke and some cheese
things and cruise
on back to the office via the first year computer funamentals lab.  I look
in
the window on
the scene that unfolds it- self to me - a lab full of first years with no
demonstrator.

WELL I'LL JUST HAVE TO HELP!

I walk on in.

"Right, I'm your temporary replacement demonstrator and today we're going to
put our
assignments aside for half an hour to learn about the REMARK function, or,
as
it's known
to the computer literate world, rm.."

I should have been a teacher you know - I've got this way with people... ...
------------------------------------------------------------------------


BASTARD OPERATOR FROM HELL #10

I get invited to a lecture as a guest speaker in "Computing Operations Fund-
amentals",  so
I  leave the control room in the capable hands of Sam, the janitor and
cruise
on down.

The lecture starts and goes ok, then there's a 10 minute period where
students
get to ask a
"real operator" questions that they have about operations.

I get out my pad and pen. "Before we get started" I say, "could you just
call
out your
username before you ask me a question, I find it easier to apply your
problem
to terms
you would understand better" The lecturer eats all this up - the personal
touch really
gets to them. "First Question, You over there.."

"What do you think of the privacy of individuals on a shared system?"

"What was your username please?"

"CMS1103"

>Scratchy scritch< "Computer Privacy...   Hmmm.  This is a toughy really.
You
mean
stuff like reading the email between you and your counsellor about you not
wanting to
come out of the closet?"

"AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGH!"

"AH.  Well, he seems to have left - must have picked a bad COMPLETELY RANDOM
example.  Next question.  You, over there..."

"CMS1136.  I was.."

"Ah yes, 1136 the only person on campus who subscribes to
alt.sex.buggery.by.
sailors.dressed.in.mums.clothing"

"It's purely for research purposes!"

"I'm sure it is.  You do a lot of story posting for a researcher don't you?"

"NNGggggAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGHGH!"

"Next please..."

...

..

Two minutes later, the lecture theatre's empty. That's the problem with
students today,
they just don't want to learn.

I go back to control and Sam's asleep at the console again.  I think he's
after my job.  I
make a mental note to tap into the salary database and cancel his health and
accident
insurance payments.  You can't be too careful..

I put the phone on the hook for the first time this afternoon and it starts
ringing almost
immediately.  THAT'S IT!  I redirect it to 911 catch a bit of shuteye.
That'll teach them.
OOPS! Almost forgot to turn over the excuse calendar.  "STATIC FROM NYLON
UNDERWEAR"  Nope, too plausable - although in some cases I could do an
on-site
check.
Nah, can't be stuffed.  I'll pick another one.  "STATIC FROM PLASTIC SLIDE
RULES"  Now
THAT'S one with a challenge!

I un-redirect the phone and drag the rubbish bin so it rests on the
printer's
stacker -
another job well done.  The phone rings - this could be the big one!

"Hello?"

"Hi, Um, how do I spell-check my file?"

"Simple, just type `spell' and the filename"

"Thanks"

I'm so bloody nice this morning.  Especially as I know that my version of
spell introduces
errors instead  of detecting them.  Things like changing friend to freind
and
vice-versa.
What the hell.

The phone rings - it's them again.

"There's something wrong with spell"

"What makes you think that?"

"Because my file is all corrupt now!"

"That doesn't sound like spell to me.  Are you logged into thru PC?"

"Yes, but I can.."

"Please, leave the technical diagnosis to me...  Now, is there a plastic
ruler
somewhere on
or in the desk?"

"Um >clunka<, yes..."

"Right.  You've got a static buildup on your hard-drive caused by the
changing
electrostatic field generated by the ruler - the same one that makes bits of
paper stick to
it when you rub it up and down your arm..."

DUMMY MODE ON

"Oh.  What do I do?"

"You know how you get paper off a ruler by hitting it on a table lots of
times? Well do that
with your PC.  Say 20 times - lift it about a foot off the desk & drop it."

"Oh.  OK"

>crash<

>crash<

>crash<

"Um, the screen went dark"

"That's ok, it's supposed to do that - keep going.  And when you're
finished,
do the screen
as well, that static may have gone up the wires to it."

>crash<

>crash<

>crash<...

I hang up.   I get up and go out to the public area to put honey in the
floppy
drives when a
guy who looked like Lee Harvey Oswald runs up to me and shoots me, only the
sound comes
from the machine room, and I can hear the ex System- Managers chuckle....

Later, in the ambulance, I realise.  I forgot to get the guys username...

Then everything goes dark
------------------------------------------------------------------------


BASTARD OPERATOR FROM HELL LIVES! #11

The darkness cleared as we got out of the tunnel and it occurred to me that
I
couldn't be all  that injured.  Then again, maybe I was.  Someone was going
to
p..

I died.

Of course, a true BOFH considers this not really as dying, but more of going
home for the
holidays.

Five seconds later, I'm getting the upside of 15Kv across the nipples.
(These
ambulance guys sure know how to party).



BASTARD OPERATOR FROM HELL LIVES!


Three weeks later I'm back on my backside and feeling rested at relaxed
behind
the console
again. The rest has done me good, I feel *great!*.  I catch up on everyone's
email then let
the students know I'm back by performing an impromptu preventative
maintenance
in the
middle of lab time by kicking the restart switch (They love it really)

I flip today's excuse card,  "GLOBAL WARMING"  YES YES YES!  What a welcome
home!

It's the end of the month so all those automatic email reminder programs
will
be sending
messages all over the place.  I set the system clock back 7 days to buy some
peace and
quiet and swap the printer ribbon for the three year old one with holes in
it.

    I sort through my snail mail and crack open the BOFH Monthly Newsletter,
"kill -9"
and check out the articles therein.   There's a nice peice of making OS2
slow,
boring and
painful, but it looks exactly like the OS2 installation instructions to
me...
Ah, who knows.
I head straight to the BOFH Wizard section to see if any of my articles were
published.
All of them!!!  Even the one about the c compiler that randomly removes one
line from the
source code it's compiling!

The phone rings.

"The Screen on my PC is blank!!!"

"It's the power cord" I say

"No, I checked that.  When I switch it on, it does nothing!"

"It's the power cord" I say

"No, I checked and it's all plugged in properly.  There's no lights on the
keyboard or
anything"

"It's the power cord" I say

"Oh.  I just noticed, the cord's not plugged in properly!"

"The power cord?" I ask

"Yes...  Woopsy"

"No worries at all" I say "Is it all working well now?"

"Yes, I think so.  I'm sorry, you WERE right all along"

"Yes, we're getting a lot of this, it's due to the current Global Warming
problem.  It
causes random thermal expansion and contraction resulting in temperature
induced
movement of friction based holding mechanisms.."

I listen carefully.  Nothing.  In other words, ...

"You can fix it permanently tho'" I say

"Really?  How?"

"Well it's all to do with lowering salt deposits on the metal contacts"

"Oh!"  (Dummy mode irrevocably engaged)

"All you need to do is just take the power plug out deposit some dilute
mineral salts on it.
Do you have some dilute mineral salts on you?"

"Uh, no?"

"Ok, no worries, just stick it in your mouth drool into it.  But make sure
you
wipe the
plug first to get rid of any germs, and TURN THE SWITCH OFF ON THE MONITOR
before you
do - we don't want a nasty accident!

"Oh.  Ok!"

>Fzzzt< >clunk!<

I hang up as the receiver hits the floor.  Disk space is too good for them.

***************** THE END

Speaker



Spread It Around!  
Sign up to the Internet's elite source,
Send E-mail to efreem2@alumni.umbc.edu to join 
The Field.

AOD318

http://www.alumni.umbc.edu/~efreem2

Quote of the times;
Anything free is worth what you pay for it.


===========================================================
My Homepage - http://www.jet2.net/~jbaillie
ICQ UIN - 4016080

Under United States law, it is unlawful "to use any
telephone facsimile machine, computer, or other 
device to send an unsolicited advertisement"
http://www.ca-probate.com/faxlaw.htm

Canadian laws against spam:
http://www.stopspam.org/usenet/mmf/laws/canada.html

A service of Netizens Against Gratuitous Spamming
http://www.nags.org/
http://antispam.org/
http://www.cauce.org
===========================================================
Brick Accident
 
  Dear Sir:
  I am writing in response to your request for additional information in Block #3 of the accident reporting form.  I put "Poor Planning" as the cause of my accident.  You asked for a fuller explanation and I trust the following details will be sufficient.
  I am a bricklayer by trade.  On the day of the accident, I was working alone on the roof of a new six-story building.  When I completed my work, I found I had some bricks left over which when weighed later were found to weigh 240 lbs. Rather than carry the bricks down by hand, I decided to lower them in a barrel by using a pulley which was attached to the side of the building at the sixth floor.
  Securing the rope at ground level, I went up to the roof, swung the barrel out and loaded the bricks into it.  Then I went down and untied the rope, holding it tightly to insure a slow descent of the 240 lbs of bricks.  You will note on the accident reporting form that my weight is 135 lbs.
  Due to my surprise at being jerked off the ground so suddenly, I lost my presence of mind and forgot to let go of the rope.  Needless to say, I proceeded at a rapid rate up the side of the building.
  In the vicinity of the third floor, I met the barrel which was now proceeding downward at an equally impressive speed.  This explains the fractured skull, minor abrasions and the broken collarbone, as listed in Section 3, accident reporting form.
  Slowed only slightly, I continued my rapid ascent, not stopping until the fingers of my right hand were two knuckles deep into the pulley which I mentioned in Paragraph 2 of this correspondence.  Fortunately by this time I had regained my presence of mind and was able to hold tightly to the rope, in spite of the excruciating pain I was now beginning to experience.
  At approximately the same time, however, the barrel of bricks hit the ground-and the bottom fell out of the barrel.  Now devoid of the weight of the bricks, the barrel weighed approximately 50 lbs.
  I refer you again to my weight.  As you might imagine, I began a rapid descent down the side of the building.
  In the vicinity of the third floor, I met the barrel coming up.  This accounts for the two fractured ankles, broken tooth and severe lacerations of my legs and lower body.
  Here my luck began to change slightly.  The encounter with the barrel seemed to slow me enough to lessen my injuries when I fell into the pile of bricks and fortunately only three vertebrae were cracked.
  I am sorry to report, however, as I lay there on the pile of bricks, in pain, unable to move and watching the empty barrel six stories above me, I again lost my composure and presence of mind and let go of the rope.

??



 

 




From burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com Sun Sep 28 14:16:23 1997
Date: 13 Sep 1997 02:00:04 -0500
From: Dave Burgess <burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com>
Newsgroups: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.announce, comp.unix.bsd.freebsd.announce,
    comp.answers, news.answers, comp.unix.openbsd.announce
Subject: [comp.unix.bsd] NetBSD, FreeBSD, and OpenBSD FAQ (Part 1 of 10)
Followup-To: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.misc

Posted-By: auto-faq 3.1.1.2
Archive-name: 386bsd-faq/part1



<pre>
			Frequently Asked Questions
		   386BSD, NetBSD, FreeBSD, OpenBSD and
		       other BSD derived Operating 
				 Systems.


		   	   EXTREMELY UNOFFICIAL


  Original FAQ by:
	Terry Lambert

  New New FAQ by:
	Dave Burgess

	burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com


			   Last Update:  26 Jun 1997 
</pre>

Section -1. (Where else to look)

	In the distribution of each of the *BSD systems, there is a LOT
	of documentation.  If you are completely unfamiliar with Unix,
	there is a reading list recommended in Section 1 of the FAQ.
	There are also various documents in the /usr/share/doc directory
	on the installed system.  Many of these give detailed information 
	about the design, history, and use of many of the pieces of the
	*BSD system you are interested.  Once you are familiar with
	Unix-like systems, you can probably graduate to the 'man'
	program.  The 'man' program is a series of manual pages which
	describe various parts of the system (kernel stuff, file
	formats, commands, 'C' standard functions, etc.) in enough
	detail to generally get you where you want to be.  The command
	'man man' will give you a lot of details.  The other command
	which might help is called 'apropos' (pronounced ap'-rO-pO).
	This command searches the title lines of every manual page
	looking for a match in the word you include as an argument.  If
	you have the system running, try the command 'apropos ttys' to
	get a feel for all the stuff that's out there.


Section 0.  (Basic FAQ information)

0.0	Master Index.

	0.0          Master Index.
	0.1          A brief history of the *BSD family.
	0.1.1        How close is NetBSD (or FreeBSD) to BSD 4.4?
	0.1.3        Where can I get more information about the *BSD family
		     of Operating Systems? 
	0.2          About this FAQ.
	0.2.1        I want to start up a thread about why *BSD is or isn't
		     as good as some other operating system. Can anyone
		     suggest a good reason why I shouldn't? 
	0.3          Are there any resources on the Net (like URLs)
		     associated with the BSD family of operating systems? 
	0.4          How to add your pet answer to the FAQ.
	0.5          Administrivia.
	0.6          Does anyone reading this have any sense of humor at all?
		     
	1.0          I just downloaded all of 386bsd version 0.1 and I can't
		     get [some feature] to work? Do you have any suggestions?
		     
	1.1          Minimum hardware configuration recommended
	1.4          Where to get the source and binaries
	1.4.1        Where can I get the distribution on CD ROM?
	1.5.3        *BSD system mailing lists.
	1.5.4        System Updates.
	1.6          Documentation available
	1.6.1        BSD manuals
	1.6.2        BSD books
	1.6.6        The O'Reilly and Associates BSD 4.4 Set.
	1.6.7        Other FAQ's on the net that are relevant
	1.7.1        Official distribution sites
	2.0          Install process
	2.0.1        Boot disks (versions and media formats)
	2.0.1.1      I have the base system installed, and now I want to
		     install the rest of the system. Where did the 'extract'
		     program go? 
	2.0.1.2a     The floppy booted, but now the hard disk won't boot?
	2.0.1.2b     I am trying to reinstall. I run install and it loops
		     asking me if I want to use the whole disk? 
	2.0.1.4      What are the options on the boot prompt?
	2.0.1.5      I just used the '-s' option on the boot, but I can't
		     write anything onto the disk. What is wrong? If I use a
		     plain 'mount' command it tells me that my root file
		     system is read-only. 
	2.1          Binary distribution
	2.1.1        I want to install by NFS but I am having all kinds of
		     problems connecting to the Sun server where the files
		     are. 
	2.2          Configuration
	2.2.1        Partitions
	2.2.1.1      What is a 'disklabel' and why do I need one?
	2.2.1.2      What other kinds of information do I need if I really
		     want to tune my hard drive's performance in conjunction
		     with a newfs? 
	2.2.2        Common Disk Label Problems.
	2.2.2.1      Increasing the *BSD partition size.
	2.2.2.2      I can access the DOS partition on my second disk from
		     Unix but not DOS? Any suggestions? 
	2.2.2.3      I want to use my entire 2 Gig drive as the root
		     partition. Why doesn't it work? 
	2.5.3        How do I set up the system so that I can boot from more
		     than one operating system/file-loader without using
		     floppies? 
	2.2.3        How do I get the system to boot from the second hard
		     drive? 
	2.2.4        How do I disklabel my second hard drive?
	2.2.5        NetBSD and FreeBSD cannot handle disk geometry
		     translations, but it turns out that my disk geometry is
		     translated. It has five zones, each with a different
		     sec/track! What kind of things can I do about the disk
		     translation my hard disk controller uses? 
	2.2.6        I am having trouble installing on the EIDE hard drive.
		     What are some of the things that I need to look into? 
	2.2.7        My disk label is complaining about '256 heads' in the
		     disklabel. This is obviously bogus, but it doesn't seem
		     to be hurting anything. Is it Okay or should I fix it? 
	2.2.8        What are the options for the boot up prompt?
	2.2.9        I am having trouble installing WRT 'syslogd: bind: Can't
		     assign requested address' errors. What are some of the
		     things I should look at? I also am having trouble with
		     the network: 'starting network ... ifconfig: localhost:
		     badvalue'. 
	2.2.10       When I start up my system, it hangs for three or four
		     minutes during the 'netstart' program. Our network
		     nameserver is working OK, and I use it all the time; my
		     resolv.conf file says to use the network nameserver. Why
		     would netstart have such problems using it? 
	2.2.11       I am having trouble getting net aliases to work. What
		     could some of the problems be? 
	2.2.12       I'm having trouble with the networking code
		     (specifically the PPP stuff to my ISP). How can I debug
		     NetBSD's networking? 
	2.2.13       I want to hard wire my SCSI devices to a particular
		     device number. Is that possible? 
	2.3          Common installation problems.
	2.3.2        Endless reboot cycles.
	2.4          The computer just sits there, or 'that isn't right'.
	2.4.1        The boot disk works all right on one computer but not
		     another. 
	2.4.2        Really strange errors in the various *BSD flavors.
	2.4.2.2      Using the new code in NetBSD, I get a "panic: pdti
		     206067" in pmap_enter(). What should I do? 
	2.4.3a       I get the error "isr 15 and error: isr 17" on an NE2000
		     card. 
	2.4.3b       I have some card on IRQ2 and it doesn't work; why?
	2.4.3c       I am getting lousy performance out of my network card.
		     What are some of the other possibilities? 
	2.4.4        What is the difference between IRQ2 and IRQ9? Are they
		     really the same, or are they really different? 
	2.4.5        Some of my SCSI devices (like a tape drive) don't work;
		     why? 
	2.4.6        I want to use the Adaptec 1542C SCSI controller. What
		     are the problems/tricks you need to know to get it
		     working? 
	2.4.7        Is there a SCSI utility which works to fix up the random
		     problems I sometimes have with my drives? 
	2.4.8        My system boots OK off the floppy, but once I try to
		     boot from the hard drive, the message "changing root
		     device to sd0a" appears and the system hangs. What is
		     the most likely thing that I have done wrong? 
	2.5          Other common problems that are attributed to the
		     installation process but are caused other places. 
	2.5.1        I want to use more than 16 Megabytes of memory. Will any
		     of the BSD based systems support it? 
	2.5.2        I tried to use a device in my computer that should be
		     there. When I did, I got a "Device not configured
		     error." What do I do now? 
	2.6          Customizing the system to meet my needs.
	2.6.1        How do I get the system to not display the machine name,
		     but display our company name? 
	2.6.2        I have a program that, under normal circumstances,
		     starts once a second. This regularly causes inetd to
		     terminate the program with a 'server failing (looping),
		     service terminated' error. How do I fix this? 
	3.0          System Internals
	3.1          Kernel
	3.1.1        How do I build a kernel?
	3.1.1.1      Why does the kernel code for NetBSD still use the old
		     K&R style declarations when the ANSI declarations are SO
		     much better? 
	3.1.1.2      How do I port NetBSD to another platform?
	3.1.2        I want to do one of the following things:
		     * add a device not in the distributed kernel (third com
		       port, additional disk or tape, line printer driver,
		       etc).
		     * use a patch from the net or the patchkit to fix a
		       kernel bug.
		     * add another swap device.
		     * recompile the kernel to remove extraneous devices so
		       that it takes up less space.
		     * configure more pseudo-terminals to allow for more
		       xterms or network logins. 
	3.1.3        I want to build and profile a kernel. What do I need to
		     do? 
	3.1.4        Now that I have a kernel, how do I install it?
	3.1.5        My system is complaining about stray interrupt 7. Is my
		     machine going to explode or anything? 
	3.1.6        I keep getting "wd0c: extra interrupt". What does it
		     mean? 
	3.1.7        I keep getting silo overflow messages, but the system
		     doesn't seem to mind. Is there a problem? 
	3.1.8        I found a bug in the kernel. How do I report it?
	3.2          What exactly is this config file, anyway? What are all
		     of these cryptic notations? 
	3.2.1        Okay, fine. Why shouldn't I just add every device I can
		     find to the kernel, so I'll never have to recompile this
		     again? 
	3.2.2        What should I remove from the kernel?
	3.2.3        I can't get enough remote login sessions or xterm
		     sessions. I also can only get four sessions working at a
		     time. What can I do? 
	3.2.4        How do I get ddb, the kernel debugger, compiled into the
		     kernel and running? 
	3.2.5        I'm getting all kinds of errors when I try to build a
		     new version of GCC. How can I upgrade GCC to the most
		     current version? 
	3.2.6        Can I patch the current running OS image?
	3.2.7        Can I have more than one config file? Should I rename it
		     to something else? Any other hints? 
	3.2.8        I have been getting a lot of "virtual memory exhausted"
		     errors when I am compiling a program with a really big
		     static array. I have 128Meg of memory and 8Gig of swap.
		     How can this be happening? 
	3.2.8.1      I am running NetBSD and really DO have 128 Meg of
		     memory; but the generic kernel only sees the first
		     64Meg. How can I fix this? 
	3.2.8.2      How do I dedicate 16Meg of memory to nothing but disk
		     buffers? 
	3.2.9        Where can I learn more about all this?
	3.3          Other kernel related kind of questions.
	3.3.1        Has the method for system call changed in NetBSD?
	3.3.2        Does anyone have a system building script that takes
		     things like building a new config and multiple config
		     files into account? 
	3.3.3        How do I upgrade from my release version of NetBSD (and
		     probably FreeBSD) to the '-current' development sources?
		     
	3.3.4        Is there a Makefile that does all that happy
		     world-building stuff? 
	3.3.5        Can NetBSD do cross compilation?
	3.3.6        My network memory seems to be leaking. The numbers just
		     keep increasing slowly over time. Is there a problem I
		     need to worry about? 
	3.4          X11/XFree86/XS3
	3.4.1        What options should I define to get the X extensions
		     included? 
	3.4.2        Where can I get the FAQ for 'X'?
	3.4.3        Why does X drop characters when using xdm? When I run
		     xdm from the console, it keeps losing keystrokes and the
		     shift keys don't always work. Why? 
	3.4.4        What can I do to figure out why 'X' doesn't work with
		     NetBSD? 
	3.4.5        Under NetBSD and FreeBSD, xlock (or any other program
		     that uses passwords) fails to validate user passwords.
		     Anyone know why? 
	3.5          I want to run 'XYZA' which is dynamically linked and
		     from 'some other operating system'. What special things
		     do I have to do to get it working? 
	3.6          You promised to talk about timezones below. Are you
		     going to? 
	3.6.1        How do you change the timezone on NetBSD (FreeBSD
		     also?)? 
	3.6.2        The translation between seconds-since-the-epoch and date
		     differs by about 18 seconds between BSD and other Unixes
		     when running ntp; why? 
	3.7          How can I implement CVS to track MY changes to the
		     kernel source tree, yet still follow the -current
		     development tree? 
	3.8          Optional Op-codes for NetBSD, FreeBSD, and other
		     systems. 
	4.0          Introduction
	4.1          Common (sort of) Kernel-related problems
	4.1.1        Sometimes I have trouble with my system resetting the
		     terminal to seven bit mode. Isn't BSD eight bit clean? 
	4.1.2        How do you implement quotas on Net/2 derived BSD
		     systems? 
	4.1.3        What are the correct permissions for the /tmp, /usr/tmp,
		     and /var/tmp directories? 
	4.2          Available kernel add-ons
	4.2.1        Loadable Kernel Modules
	4.3          Other program building type problems.
	4.3.1        I am building a program that requires access to the
		     crypt library. Either I have it and it isn't getting
		     copied into the executable, or I don't have it; why? 
	4.3.2        I am having trouble with long file names in my
		     libraries. It seems like there is a 16 character limit
		     in the library somewhere. 
	4.3.3        I'm getting annoyed with having this "conflicting types
		     for `sys_errlist'" problem show up nearly every time I
		     build a program. What do I need to do? 
	4.4          System Administration Questions
	4.4.1        Where can I get good books about NetBSD or FreeBSD?
	4.4.2        I am concerned about system security. What should I do
		     to protect my system from net attacks? 
	4.4.3        How can I log failed login attempts?
	4.4.4        Can I use a Concatenated Filesystem with NetBSD?
	4.4.4.1      Why, when I type "ccdconfig ccd0 16 none /dev/wd0a >
		     /dev/wd1a", do I get back "ccdconfig: ioctl (CCDIOCSET):
		     /dev/ccd0d: Device not configured"? 
	4.4.5        I am really new to Unix System Administration. I need
		     some real basic help. 
	4.4.5.1      What is the System Administrator's user name?
	4.4.5.2      I can't log in as 'su'. What does that message mean when
		     I log in as root. 
	4.4.5.3      Are there any books I can 'bootstrap' myself with?
	4.4.5.4      How about some code examples?
	4.5.6        How do I change the default shell for a user?
	4.5          Daemon questions
	4.5.1        I'd like to use amd to mount a file system (/dev/sd0f
		     aka /usr/local) on another machine as "/usr/local".
		     What's the magic? 
	4.5.2        I am having trouble with my nameserver refusing to
		     accept 'nslookup's from my SunOS machine after I
		     installed the resolver fix. The exact error message is
		     "*** Can't find server name for address 194.100.46.2:
		     Query refused". Can you help? 
	4.5.3        Are there any alternatives to 'NIS' available for
		     NetBSD, et al.? 
	4.6          Adding new and removing old users.
	4.6.1        Where can I FTP the 'adduser' program?
	4.6.2        Where can I get a 'rmuser' script?
	5.0          Introduction
	5.1          A replacement curses program/library.
	5.2          Floppy Disk problems.
	5.2.1        How do I get a bootable floppy?
	5.2.2        How do I maximize the space on a mountable floppy disk. 
	5.3          Character Device Driver info
	5.3.1        Printers
	5.3.2        Terminals/Keyboards
	5.3.3        Modems/FAX Modems
	5.3.3.1      How do I add a modem to *BSD:
	5.3.3.4      Adding a Dial-in/Dial-out FAX to NetBSD or FreeBSD.
	5.3.4        What is the trick for getting Kermit to work with rz and
		     sz? 
	5.4          Tape Drives
	5.4.1        Does the tape need to be formatted?
	5.4.2        If I execute the command 'st -f /dev/st0 status', I get:
		     Archive/Tandberg? tape drive, residual=0, blocksize=512
		     Density: high = 16 (0x10), medium = 15 (0xf), low = 5
		     (0x5) ds=0 er=0 
	5.4.3        When is erst0 used?
	5.4.4        How is density (bpi) computed? I am using 3M DC 6250
		     cassettes which have a 250MB capacity on the Viper 150.
		     But computing the bits/inch based on 250MB/tape-length
		     (1020 ft.), I get a density of 171335 bpi, which is
		     nowhere near the 10000 bpi associated with QIC-150 in
		     the st(1) man page. Why the discrepancy? 
	5.4.5        How is an appropriate block size determined (and in what
		     units are they specified in the st(1) command)? 
	5.4.6        From the 4.3BSD mtio(4) man page, it sounds like data is
		     typically (traditionally?) stored on tape in
		     eof-terminated sequences of 1K records. 
	5.4.6.1      Is st's notion of "file" the record sequence between two
		     eof marks? 
	5.4.6.2      What about a "record"?
	5.4.6.3      Is a "record" one "block", as determined by st's
		     "blocksize" command? If not, what is the connection
		     between them? 
	5.4.6.4      Can I change the "record" size?
	5.4.6.5      When would I want a block size that is different from
		     the default? 1KB is the size of writes used by dd or
		     whatever. QIC specifies 512 byte records (well at least
		     its what people use..) Whatever you write in will be
		     broken into 512 byte sections. They must be multiples of
		     512 though. 
	5.4.7.1      How do I write several archives to a single tape? I
		     tried without success: $ st -f /dev/rst4 rewind $ tar cf
		     /dev/nst4 archive1 $ st -f /dev/nrst4 weof $ tar cf
		     /dev/nst4 archive2 $ st -f /dev/nrst4 weof 
	5.4.7.2      Later, I would expect to be able to access, say,
		     archive3 via the fsf directive to skip over the first
		     two archives. What is the correct sequence? 
	5.4.8        Since the Viper 150 writes on QIC-150/120, I guess I
		     don't need to worry about writing variable-length
		     records? How about reading a tape written with
		     variable-length records. Is this possible with the
		     Viper? If so, what's involved? 
	5.4.9        The very scant documentation that came with my drive
		     mentions a "selectable buffer disconnect size," whose
		     default is 16K. This is evidently the "maximum number of
		     bytes that can be sent over the SCSI bus during a single
		     data transfer phase." What's that? How is it connected
		     st's "blocksize" command? Do I want to use 16K blocks,
		     or might I even want to set the disconnect size to a
		     higher value? 
	5.4.10       What is "streaming"? When I tar a directory of files to
		     tape, I notice that the tape often stops. Streaming
		     means it doesn't stop? How would I get the viper 150 to
		     stream using tar or cpio or dump? 
	5.4.13       My tape drive doesn't work.
	5.4.14       I am trying to restore a tape from a FreeBSD machine on
		     a Sun. What kinds of problems should I expect? 
	5.4.15       What are the jumper settings for the Archive Viper tape
		     drive? 
	5.4.16       My Viper-150 auto-detects fine; however, the first
		     attempt to read a tape fails after a boot due to an
		     "illegal SCSI command". What could be the problem? 
	5.4.17       Why haven't we changed the defaults in rdump and
		     rrestore to something that makes sense? I was trying to
		     dump a filesystem to a remote tape and ran into an error
		     complaining about being unable to execute /etc/rmt. 
	5.5          Network Stuff
	5.5.1        How can I get my system to work as a network router?
	5.5.2        I recently had a problem where I got a message that said
		     "panic: kmem_malloc: mb_map too small". What is the
		     solution to this problem? 
	5.5.3        Does anyone have an example of a working gated.conf
		     file? I can't figure these instructions out at all. 
	5.5.4        How do I set up Multicasting on my system?
	5.6          I want to use my ZIP drive. Are there any weird things I
		     need to know? 
	6.0          Working with DOS and BNR/2 related software.
	6.1          Formatting a floppy
	6.2          Sharing the Disk with MS-DOS
	6.2.1        How can I partition my drive to support both MS-DOS and
		     *bsd? 
	6.2.2        I can install using the whole disk, but I can't install
		     when I try to share the drive between *BSD and MS-DOS.
		     Why? 
	6.2.4        Is there any hope of ever running MS-DOS applications
		     under any of the free BSD systems? 
	6.2.5        How do I get Linux executables to run under NetBSD?
	6.3          Accessing the MS-DOS filesystem
	6.4          NFS/PC-NFS support
	6.4.1        Can I use 8K packets for NFS? When I try, I have all
		     kinds of problems. Specifically, I get 'ring buffer
		     overflows' or the performance is real bad. 
	6.4.2        How do I get around the NFS "Permission denied" error? 
	6.4.3        What does the message "BAD MNT RPC: RPC Authentication
		     error; why = Invalid client credential" mean when I try
		     to mount something from another machine? 
	6.4.4        What does the message "Bad MNT RPC: RPC: Authentication
		     error; why = Client credential too weak" mean when I try
		     to mount something from another machine? 
	6.4.5        I get a lot of 'ring buffer overflow' messages using NFS
		     and the ed0 driver. Is there a problem? 
	6.4.6        I am getting really poor performance out of my network,
		     especially when talking to older networks or when
		     performing short file transfers. What's the problem? 
	6.4.7        Is there any PC software that will allow me to use my
		     enormous PC with all of the unsupported hardware as a
		     PC-NFS server? 
	6.5          How can I use mtools with the 'new' floppy naming
		     convention? 
	7.0          Communications
	7.1          SLIP/CSLIP
	7.2          PPP
	7.2.1        I have a problem with my PPP connection. From time to
		     time, the connection will just 'pause'. If I do
		     something in another window which polls some other
		     external machine, the connection will 'unpause' for a
		     while. 
	7.3          TCP/IP
	7.3.1        Where can I obtain *BSD source code to add IP Security
		     per the IETF RFCs (RFC-1825 through RFC-1829) to my
		     system ? 
	7.4          UUCP
	7.4.1        TIP/CU
	7.4.2        What is the magic incantation that allows the modem to
		     dial? 
	7.4.3        My modem on DOS COM3 or DOS COM4 works with DOS, but not
		     with *BSD. It is set up using IRQ 4 (or 3) respectively.
		     
	7.5          How do I configure my nameserver?
	7.6          Terminals
	7.7          My network manager (or UUCP feed site admin) just
		     informed me that the way I have installed sendmail
		     through my UUCP connection and has caused a sendmail
		     loop. Can you help me get sendmail installed correctly? 
	7.8          Can network attached assets be used by/from NetBSD?
		     FreeBSD? OpenBSD? 
	7.8.1        Is it possible to Network boot a NetBSD machine from a
		     network on a diskless Sparc? 
	7.8.2        I have been working with FreeBSD 1.5.1 with some
		     machines configured as diskless. How can I do the same
		     for 2.0R (i.e., Which are the magic words to put in the
		     Kernel configuration file?) 
	7.8.3        How can I get ISDN to work?
	8.0          What hardware works!
	8.3.1        How do I configure multiport cards? Is there a
		     possibility of using multiport serial boards? How do you
		     configure an AST/4 in the kernel? It looks like the AST
		     driver only supports 4-port cards, but it looks like it
		     would be easy to add support for 8 ports ... or am I
		     wrong? 
	8.3.3        What is the difference between baud and bits per second?
		     
	8.4          Disk Controller Problems
	8.4.2        SCSI controller problems
	8.5          SCSI Controllers
	8.6          Network Cards
	8.7          Printers
	8.7.1        How can I print big files (especially from SAMBA, the
		     WfWg network program)? 
	8.8          Tape Drives.
	8.8.1        What are the jumper configurations for the Exabyte 8200
		     DAT tape drive? 
	8.9          QIC-40/80 tape drives
	8.10         CD-ROMs
	8.10.1       How can I mount my CD-ROM so that it appears to be
		     writable? 
	9.0          What GNU software has been tested and is working with
		     Net/2 derived BSD systems for the 386? 
	9.1          Has anyone ever gotten news to work?
	9.1.1        I want to make sure I have every set up right for my
		     news partition. What newfs options do I need to use to
		     get this information stored OK without future problems? 
	9.3          Has anyone tried to get Postgres to work?
	9.4          Has anyone gotten the Java Developers Kit working?
	9.5          Has anyone ever used any of the BSD systems for a
		     Firewall? 
	9.6          How about the BSD Song?


0.1	A brief history of the *BSD family.

	In the beginning, there was Research Unix.  Bell Labs, in a
	moment of utter abandon said "Let us produce progeny of Unix.
	yea verily, that we might garner a market share with this white
	elephant."  In order to beget as many pretenders to the Unix
	throne as possible, they removed most of the copyright notices
	and released huge gobbets of code to Universities throughout the
	United States.  From that humble decision came the very spark of
	what has arguably become the most successful, completely free
	Unix-style operating system you can make money on.

	There were several version of BSD roaming around, but they all
	had one thing in common.  You HAD to have a source code license
	to the original Unix source to get a working version going.  The
	bulk of the code was written at Berkeley, much of it by
	long-haired computer geeks, complete with bad complexions and
	pocket protectors.  Many Master's Degrees were built on what was
	to follow.

	Then, suddenly, someone realized the amount of source code from
	the original Unix distribution was pretty much down to zilch.
	They decided that making the distribution available to the whole
	world (not just the select Unix license holders) seemed like a
	pretty 'groovy' (to use the vernacular) idea.  From that came
	the Net distribution.

	William and Lynne Jolitz, with their standard flair and panache,
	decided to write the pieces that needed to be written.  From
	that decision came 386BSD Version 0.0.  Generally considered to
	be unusable, it was nonetheless a major coup, in that one no
	longer needed the dreaded 'source license' to produce working
	operating system images.  Version 0.1 (generally considered to
	be the progenitor of all of the subsequent PC BSD systems) was
	released on Bastille Day, 1992.

	386BSD 0.1 eventually came to be.  Linux, the other entrant in
	the Free Unix-style OS family, had been running for about a year
	by then.  Many people, wanting to stick with code that they
	already knew and which was in use in the commercial sector,
	decided to start using (and fixing) the 386BSD 0.1 code.  As such,
	many contributions to the system are provided through interaction
	by people who communicate via many means.  Many new and innovative
	features have been added to 386BSD since it's original release in 
	July of '92.  There was an 'unofficial' patchkit which was available
	from many anonymous FTP sources which made 386BSD more stable and
	usable.  Many problems associated with the use of 386BSD Version 
	0.1 were solved through the application of patches from the 
	patchkit.  Now, more or less overcome by events, the original
	386BSD, with its relationship to the AT&T/Berkeley out-of-court
	settlement, has become a rare piece of code to find.  With some
	of the code considered 'suspect', it was removed from FTP sites
	world-wide.

	To replace the original 386BSD, three newer versions of the 
	system are available, under new names.  NetBSD is the oldest, 
	FreeBSD followed shortly thereafter.  Both systems have evolved 
	into programs that are superior to their progenitor and both 
	have sizable (if a little rabid) followings.  The third entry in
	the group is a fairly recent entrant, called OpenBSD.  

	Most of the statements made in this FAQ will apply to all three 
	of the replacement systems, although I will try to differentiate 
	one from another whenever the difference matters.  Any place 
	that says 386bsd either means the original 386bsd 0.1 or any 
	of the members of the PC BSD family.  

	There have been many attempts to polarize the *BSD development 
	groups in the past.  One of the reasons that I am still 
	maintaining the FAQ is that it simply is a good source for
	historical information, as well as a reasonable source for 
	information that is specific to the implementations of NetBSD, 
	FreeBSD, and OpenBSD.

	It should be remembered that when the *BSD family started out, Bill
	and Lynne used a source called the "Berkeley Net Release/2" tape 
	as their foundation.  While this provided a stable starting point, 
	it also built a possible bomb into the system.  Due to a legal 
	battle (which has now been resolved) the following files are 
	identified as 'encumbered' in the BNR/2 source tree.  These
	kernel files are identified as the 'binary only' files in the
	BSDI distribution, and either have been or must be replaced
	before we can have a truly free OS family.  These files are the
	primary reason you won't find the original 386BSD Version 0.1
	available for FTP anymore.


0.1.1	How close is NetBSD (or FreeBSD) to BSD 4.4?

	If you take a look at the README files that accompany each of
	these packages, you will find that each is based as closely as
	possible to BSD 4.4-Lite.  The core development team for FreeBSD 
	used the 4.4 Lite distribution and re-engineered the missing 
	pieces to come up with the the current version of FreeBSD.  The
	NetBSD developers started with the existing 386BSD files, and
	compared them to the unencumbered, freely releasable files from
	BSD 4.4.  For both groups, any files which were not available
	(through being encumbered) were written from scratch to provide
	the functionality that was needed.  Either way, both systems are
	close to BSD 4.4.  Of course, each has differences that make it
	different from the other, and different from regular BSD 4.4.  


0.1.3	Where can I get more information about the *BSD family of
	Operating Systems?

	Here are the current members of the *BSD family.  These are
	presented in alphabetical order, to avoid implying anything.

	386BSD - An older version of BSD now targeted exclusively at 
	the research and academic community.  CD distributions only, 
	sold by Dr. Dobb's Journal.

	FreeBSD - A version of BSD for Intel platforms only and targeted 
	at a broad user base.  See http://www.freebsd.org for details or 
	ftp://ftp.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD for the latest release.

	NetBSD - A version of BSD for many different platforms, from 
	Intel to the 68K to the DEC ALPHA.  See http://www.netbsd.org for 
	more details or ftp://ftp.netbsd.org/pub/NetBSD for the latest 
	release.

	OpenBSD - Another version of BSD.  See http://www.openbsd.org for 
	more details or ftp://ftp.openbsd.org/pub/OpenBSD for the latest 
	release.


0.2	About this FAQ.

	This FAQ consists of several parts:

		Section 0.  Basic FAQ information
		Section 1.  General Network Information
		Section 2.  Common installation questions
		Section 3.  Kernel Building and Maintenance
		Section 4.  Kernel Additions
		Section 5.  Kernel Replacement Parts
		Section 6.  Interaction with MS-DOS
		Section 7.  System Communication
		Section 8.  NetBSD for the Mac FAQ
		Section 9.  NetBSD for the Amiga FAQ
		...
		Section n.  NetBSD for the Timex Sinclair FAQ

	It has been suggested that I remove some of the older, less 
	relevant information from this FAQ.  I have given it some 
	thought, and I might.  Of course, if someone were to do it for 
	me, it sure wouldn't break my heart.


0.2.1	I want to start up a thread about why *BSD is or isn't as good 
	as some other operating system.  Can anyone suggest a good reason
	why I shouldn't?

	Jordan Hubbard, one of the FreeBSD core team members, has
	offered this missive on that very subject:

	[ Note:  You could very well simply substitute the word
	"NetBSD", "OpenBSD", or "Windows 95"  for "Linux" in the 
	argument that follows ]

	From time to time, a thread in both the comp.os.386bsd.misc and 
	comp.os.linux.misc groups flares up regarding which operating
	system is "better", FreeBSD or Linux.  This generally provokes 
	controversy from users on both sides, with one group claiming
	that their OS is "better" for some reason and the other group
	claiming that the first group doesn't know what the heck it's
	talking about.

	Both arguments are a waste of time.

	Rather than trying to win a rather questionable debate on
	relative (and constantly changing) technical merits, we should
	be asking ourselves what both groups are REALLY about and what
	they represent.  This is naturally going to be a matter of
	personal opinion, but I believe even the most seriously at-odds
	members would agree that both operating systems represent a
	unique and long-awaited opportunity: The ability to run a fully 
	featured operating system on popular, easily affordable
	hardware and for which all source code is freely available.
	Those who have been in computing for awhile will remember when
	the term `operating system' referred almost exclusively to
	something provided solely by the hardware vendor, with very
	little in the way of alternative options.  It was never EVER
	given out with source code, and true "wizard" status could only
	be achieved by exerting mind-numbing amounts of effort and
	patience in digging through forbidden bits of binary data.  By 
	comparison, the situation today seems almost too good to be
	true!  Certainly, the feeling of achievement that came from
	finally ferreting out some esoteric bit of information from a
	4MB printed system dump was high, but I don't think that anyone
	would argue that it was hardly the most optimal way of truly
	getting to know your operating system! :-)

	So now, within a very short space of time, we're almost spoiled
	for choice in having machines several times more powerful than
	the first multi-user VAX machines and available for under
	$2000, and we've got not one but SEVERAL perfectly reasonable
	free operating systems to chose from.  We are in a comparative 
	paradise, and what are some of us doing?  *Complaining* about 
	it!  I suppose too much is never enough, eh? :-)

	So, my essential point is simply this:  For the first time ever
	we have what previous computing generations could only dream
	about; powerful computers at a reasonable prices and a
	wonderful selection of things to run on them.  Be happy, read
	the source code you're so privileged to now have available
	(*believe* me!  What I wouldn't have given, even 5 years ago!)
	and spend your energy in making constructive use of it, not in 
	arguing with the guys on the other side of the fence!

	Additionally, it should be said that none of the FreeBSD team
	has anything but the highest degree of respect for Linus
	Torvalds and his "team" of dedicated volunteers (and we
	occasionaly exchange gripe mail about the huge volume of
	messages each of us gets as a direct result of being insane
	enough to volunteer to do something like this :-).  Our common 
	commitment to the Intel platform also gives us more common
	ground (and interests) than one might think and, if anything,
	it's a pity that we do not endeavor to share more code and
	effort - ideologically, at least, I'd say we share pretty
	similar goals.

	As to which is "best", I have only one standard reply: Try them
	both, see for yourself, think for yourself.  Both groups have
	given you something for free, at considerable personal effort,
	and the least you can do is give them the benefit of exerting
	enough effort to try what they're offering out before passing 
	judgment (or worse, blindly accepting someone else's!).

	Whichever you run, you're getting a great deal - enjoy!

				Jordan Hubbard


0.3	Are there any resources on the Net (like URLs) associated with 
	the BSD family of operating systems?

	Yup:

	http://www.public.iastate.edu:~gendalia/FAQ/FAQ.list.html
	http://www.freebsd.org/
	http://www.openbsd.org/
 	http://rfhs1012.fh.uni-regensburg.de/~feyrer/
	http://www.cd.chalmers.se/~nh/netbsd.html
	http://www.flame.org/netbsd/projects
	ftp://ftp.uni-regensburg.de/pub/NetBSD-Amiga/.index.html
	ftp://ftp.cdrom.com:/pub/FreeBSD/packages/WWW.tgz
	ftp://ftp.netbsd.org:pub/NetBSD/mailing-lists
	ftp://flick.lerc.nasa.gov:~ftp/pub/NetBSD/packages/i386
	ftp://ftp.iastate.edu:/pub/Netbsd/FAQ
	http://sirius.ics.es.osaka-u.ac.jp/~kamahara/NetBSD-X68060
	http://wwwipd.ira.uka.de/~frueauf/FAQ/NetBSD-Amiga-X-FAQ.txt

	IF you are going to be using IRC in the near future and want to
	talk to some of the movers and shakers in NetBSD, the next time
	you log in look for one of the following people:
<pre>
		Handle		Channel
		'hubertf' 	#netbsd
</pre>

0.4	How to add your pet answer to the FAQ.

	This is the trickiest part of this section of the FAQ.  There are 
	only two criteria for getting an entry made into the FAQ:

	1.  Your answer should answer a question that seems to come up
	    with some regularity, or at least perplexes a group of
	    people from time to time.

	2.  Your answer should be technically correct.  In other words,
	    answers like 'RTFM' and 'everybody knows that' are not really
	    good candidates for the FAQ.  These answers should spell out,
	    in a reasonable level of detail, precisely how to fix the
	    the question asked, or explain the basis for the answer and
	    leave the implementation of the answer to the questioner.

	All answers MUST include a question.  This is not as obvious as 
	it would seem at first glance.  An answer could solve many 
	problems, especially in the realms of system halts or other 
	catastrophes. 

	Since I (Dave) am no Unix guru, I rely HEAVILY on the input of 
	other people to make the FAQ a success.  Many questions in the 
	FAQ have been made largely irrelevant through the patchkits, but 
	that doesn't means they may not reappear.  That is why the old 
	FAQ questions are still here.

	New FAQ questions should be added.  I will try to attribute the 
	question/answer to the author, but I personally think this is a 
	waste of good disk space.  As long as the answers get out, that 
	should be reward enough :-)


0.5	Administrivia.

	Send all question/answer pairs to burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com,  
	If you are going to post the Q/A to the net, then do that, but 
	be sure to mark it as a FAQ entry.  I will get it from the net 
	as easily as I do my E-Mail.  Your Q/A will be formatted to 
	look more or less like the others and be added.  Corrections, 
	deletions, flames, snivels, and whines should be addressed 
	directly to me here.  Either way, I will be sure to send out a 
	reply letting you know what I have done with your submission.

	One last thing.  I will assume that I am infalible. :-)  I will 
	not notice any mistakes that you may find.  If you find a 
	mistake and don't tell me, it will very likely stay a mistake.
	After all, if I didn't notice it before, why should I notice
	it now?


0.6	Does anyone reading this have any sense of humor at all?

	I'm not sure.  While reasearching the great 'Linux vs. everyone
	else sucks' debate, I received this in E-Mail.  The author's
	identity has been removed to protect him from the mail-bombs.
	For the humor impaired, stop reading now!

	----------------------------------------------------------------

	Many people ask the question "Which is better?  FreeBSD, NetBSD, 
	OpenBSD, or Linux?"  Up until now, not many people are willing 
	to answer thoroughly and give reasons.  I, being a brave soul, 
	am.  This mini-FAQ lists the most significant differences 
	between Linux, NetBSD, and FreeBSD in a fair and evenhanded 
	manner.  Permission is given to redistribute this mini-FAQ 
	freely, with attribution.  If anyone wants to take the burden 
	of posting it periodically on the appropriate newsgroups, be 
	my guest.

	This is based on a message I wrote some months ago.  I've 
	tried to update it substantially to reflect the changing 
	nature of x86 OS's.

	-------------
	Q) Which is better?  NetBSD, OpenBSD, Linux, or FreeBSD?


	A) NetBSD is the best of the three because of it's superb 
	error handling capabilities (this is the "Net" referred to 
	in the name).  With NetBSD, it's almost impossible to make 
	a mistake, either in installation, or operation, because the 
	system will "catch" you as you "fall".  NetBSD works on a 
	wide range of processors, including the Intel 386, 486, and 
	586, the Sun, Sparc, SGI, MIPS, Macintosh, Motorola 6809, 
	Krupf, ADC Kentrox, Whirlpool, Amana, Zilog Z80, 
	Timex-Sinclair, and the Braun.  Currently, the NetBSD team 
	is devoting all of their energies towards finishing the 
	all-important IBM RT port.


	Linux is the successor to an operating system called "Minix".  
	Linux was developed by Linus Pauling, a Finnish communist.  
	Linux tries to uphold traditional Marxist values in several 
	ways; firstly by using GNU tools from the FSF foundation 
	wherever possible.  The Linux kernel is developed by committee, 
	and the operating system reflects this:  rather than having one 
	"init" process which fathers all others, a group of co-resident 
	processes with equal powers are created simultaneously.  "Kill" 
	commands are treated as formal protests.  Linux networking has 
	come a long way since it's implementation, and there is no truth 
	whatsoever to the rumor that sudden losses of IP connectivity 
	are in any way related to future plans to limit users to 1.5 
	hours of SLIP or PPP unless they send in the registration fee.


	FreeBSD was a radical offshoot of the Linux project; you could 
	consider it to be of the Trotskyite school.  FreeBSD supports 
	an extremely wide range of PC hardware, as long as it was 
	obtained at less than cost.  FreeBSD is used by Amnesty 
	International and many other human rights organizations.  
	FreeBSD supports every peripheral available for the IBM PC 
	except the ones you have.  The FreeBSD team was actually 
	responsible for porting  "Doom" to Linux, in a successful 
	effort to slow down constructive work by distracting the 
	central committee with frivolous games.  FreeBSD has the 
	nicest installation of any of the x86 unices -- you install 
	the boot disks, which then initialize the modem and call 
	Jordan "Perky" Hubbard, who then comes to your house with the 
	rest of the disks and completes the installation.  The FreeBSD 
	CD-ROM plays various Nick Cave and Tom Waits songs Jordan is
	known to be fond of.

	386bsd was written by Bill Jolitz in a fit of pique.  It was 
	based entirely on Sun's widely-respected "Solaris" operating 
	system, as revenge against Sun's Bill Joy, who rudely chose a 
	name with the same initials as Jolitz.  A new version of 386bsd 
	will be released very soon.  Unfortunately, it will only run on 
	386es, and thus is unsuitable for anyone with a 486 or Pentium.  
	486bsd should be released "sometime in 2138," according to 
	industry insider James Monroe, Sr.

	DID YOU KNOW?
	=============

	1) The Free and Net BSD teams split up in the year 1632.  The 
	cause of the split is uncertain, but it seems to have something 
	to do with someone named "Janice."  They still get together for 
	drinks occasionally, and remember old times.  Every so often, 
	after tying on a few too many, they end up waking up next to 
	each other and feel ashamed over their night of pleasure.  The 
	kids still blame themselves.

	2) The Linux kernel has actually not changed at all since January, 
	'94?   Linus just increments "version.c" once every 48 hours and 
	unleashes the "change" on an unsuspecting Internet, bringing FTP 
	servers to their knees.  A book, "The Design and Implementation 
	of the Linux Operating System," by Gary Marshall James T. Kirk 
	McUsenet, was rejected by Addison-Wesley on the grounds that they 
	didn't feel the public was prepared to purchase a book written 
	on looseleaf paper with diagrams in crayon.

	3) All three systems claim to be "POSIX" compliant.  However, the 
	POSIX people have denied knowing anything about it.  Scuttlebutt 
	in the industry is that POSIX will soon be outdated, and will be 
	replaced by GNOPIX, a FSF standard which implements the TOPS-20 
	operating system in Scheme. 


-- 
Dave Burgess                   Network Engineer - Nebraska On-Ramp, Inc.
*bsd FAQ Maintainer / SysAdmin for the NetBSD system in my spare bedroom
"Just because something is stupid doesn't mean there isn't someone that 
doesn't want to do it...."


From burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com Sun Sep 28 14:16:32 1997
Date: 13 Sep 1997 02:00:08 -0500
From: Dave Burgess <burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com>
Newsgroups: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.announce, comp.unix.bsd.freebsd.announce,
    comp.answers, news.answers, comp.unix.openbsd.announce
Subject: [comp.unix.bsd] NetBSD, FreeBSD, and OpenBSD FAQ (Part 2 of 10)
Followup-To: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.misc

Posted-By: auto-faq 3.1.1.2
Archive-name: 386bsd-faq/part2


Section 1. (General Network Information)
General information

	This section of the FAQ is about the electronic support network 
	that exists for 386bsd and its off-spring.  

1.0	I just downloaded all of 386bsd version 0.1 and I can't get
	[some feature] to work?  Do you have any suggestions?

	Yes.  Get FreeBSD, OpenBSD, or NetBSD.


1.1	Minimum hardware configuration recommended

	There has been considerable debate about what the REAL minimum 
	configuration for *BSD is.  Some would claim that it is the 
	smallest computer that an installation will succeed on.  Others 
	claim that it is the smallest usable computer (based on RAM and 
	speed constraints) and others would claim that it should be 
	based on using 'X'-windows.
 
	The smallest installable platform is an 80386, using an MGA card, 
	with at least 4Meg of RAM and a 40 Megabyte hard disk.  While not 
	all SCSI cards (especially EISA) are supported, a great many are 
	either in the base distribution or through patches.  Thanks to
	the shared library code in FreeBSD and NetBSD, a 40Meg 
	installation should be easier now (in spite of the more advanced
	functionality) than it ever was before.

	A comfortable installation which includes source and binary 
	distributions, as well as other utilities will work in about 
	100Meg of hard drive.  

	'X' requires at least a Hercules MGA; for masochists only, from 
	what I understand.

	See section 8 for more details.


1.4	Where to get the source and binaries
	
1.4.1	Where can I get the distribution on CD ROM?
	
	In a new joint venture, John Cargille, DiscNet, Inc., and 
	InfoMagic, Inc. are pleased to announce their joint release 
	of the BSDisc.  This collaboration should be beneficial to 
	all of our customers, since it brings to bear more experience, 
	more support capability, and economies of scale in production.

	The BSDisc is scheduled to ship every six months or so.  The
	current (November 1995) disk is a two CD set with the following:

	- NetBSD 1.1
		- distribution sets for x86, sparc, mac68k, and amiga
		- expanded source tree for all architectures
	- FreeBSD 2.1.5
		- distribution sets for x86
		- expanded source and binary trees for x86
	- XFree86 binaries for both FreeBSD and NetBSD
	- X11R6 (xc as well as contrib)
	- BSD-related news archive
	- various Answers to Frequently asked Question (FAQs)

	The BSDisc is available both for single-issue purchases, or on 
	a buying plan.  Single-issue price is $35.00; subscription pricing 
	is $19.50 (or less) per issue, for a minimum length of 3 issues.  
	(Those prices do not include S/H.)

	For single-issue purchases, contact InfoMagic at:
<pre>
                                                       +1-800-800-6613
	InfoMagic, Inc.                           Tel: +1-602-526-9565
	PO Box 30370                              Fax: +1-602-526-9573
	Flagstaff, AZ  86003-0370         e-mail: orders@Infomagic.com
                                                    info@infomagic.com
</pre>
	For information about subscriptions, contact DiscNet at:
<pre>

	DiscNet, Inc.                                   +1-608-846-9838
	841 Acker Pkwy
	DeForest, WI  53532	 email: bsdisc-info@grilled.cs.wisc.edu
                                        bsdisc-orders@grilled.cs.wisc.edu
</pre>

        European subscriptions, email: bsdisc@altona.ppp.net

	I received this note from Jordan back in 1993.  It is now sorely
	out of date, since there have been many releases of FreeBSD
	since then.  The ordering info is still correct.

	While I will _always_ encourage obtaining FreeBSD through "free" 
	channels (the Internet, friends, suspicious individuals in dark 
	alleys), and given that none of us will make any money from CD 
	sales, or ever have from FreeBSD in general given that WC's 
	sponsorship is confined to the loan of centralized development 
	hardware and network access, I still hope that some of you will 
	find the CD distribution medium convenient enough to order a 
	FreeBSD CD from Walnut Creek, thus indirectly supporting our 
	future development work.

	If this marriage between commercial and free software interests 
	proves to be mutually beneficial (which still remains to be seen, 
	from Walnut Creek's point of view), it is my hope that it may serve 
	as a model for similar future endeavors.  It is an unfortunate fact 
	that developing free software at this scale costs money, even with 
	the developers donating their time and efforts, and financing some 
	of it through the sale of convenient distribution media is one of 
	the least venal ways I know of going about it.

	This CD contains a full FreeBSD 1.0.2 source & binary release, the
	sources and binaries for XFree86 2.0, and numerous sources from the
	FreeBSD "ports collection".  Where space permitted, sources were
	provided in both "packed" and "unpacked" forms for easy access both 
	as an on-line resource and as a source for compressed downloads in BBS
	or release-construction situations.  The CD is fully ISO9660 compatible
	and has been mastered using RockRidge extensions for long filenames on
	systems that support it (like FreeBSD! :-).

	It is, of course, possible to install the system off the CD from 
	scratch, given some basic willingness to read a little documentation 
	and a few blank floppy disks.  [ Ed Note.  You would be surprised the
	number of people that do not see this paragraph...DBB]

	For the sake of convenience, I append the ordering information 
	distilled from FreeBSD's /usr/src/RELNOTES.FreeBSD below.

<pre>
	Ordering information:

        Walnut Creek CDROM
        4041 Pike Lane, Suite D
        Concord CA  94520
        1-800-786-9907, +1-510-674-0783, +1-510-674-0821 (fax)
</pre>

	Or via the Internet from orders@cdrom.com.  A current catalog can
	be obtained via ftp from ftp.cdrom.com:/cdrom/catalog.

	They accept Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and ship COD 
	within the United States.  California residents please 
	add 8.25% sales tax.

	roman@public.btr.com (Roman Yanovsky  roman@btr.com) sent in this
	note.  I have edited it down some, but left in the bulk of the
	stuff in case you need more information:

	Subject: Linux Slackware and FreeBSD CD-ROM with X-windows etc.

	Trans-Ameritech presents "The best Linux plus FreeBSD CDROM ever"

	[ Linux stuff deleted ]

	* For hacker's reference an uncompressed FreeBSD source tree is 
	provided.

	* On the BSD side there is a full source and binary distribution 
	of the "final" FreeBSD 1.0

	* If you have questions or problems Trans-Ameritech provides free
	support via e-mail within 24 hours.

	* We ship the same day as we get the order.

	The new CDROM is available for $30 plus shipping/handling. If you 
	are a current customer, it is only $20.  New releases will be 
	available every 3 month. Subscription is available.

<pre>
		Trans-Ameritech Enterprises, Inc.
		2342A Walsh Ave.
		Santa Clara, CA 95051

		Tel. 408/727-3883
		FAX: 408/727-3882
</pre>

	This information is offered with no warranties, guarantees, 
	franchise offers, or recommendations.
	        

1.5.3	*BSD system mailing lists.

	With the elimination of the old 386bsd mailing lists, the only
	mailing lists that are still available are the ones for FreeBSD 
	and NetBSD.  Information about the NetBSD lists and how to use 
	majordomo (the list handler) is available by mailing to 
	majordomo@sun-lamp.cs.berkeley.edu.

<pre>
	There are four mailing lists for FreeBSD and they are:

	FreeBSD-hackers:	for hackers
	FreeBSD-questions:	misc questions
	FreeBSD-bugs:		bug reports
	FreeBSD-current:	discussion of -current (in development)
</pre>

	Send to FreeBSD-hackers-request@freefall.cdrom.com to be added 
	to the hackers list, and *-questions-request@freefall... to be 
	added to the questions list.

	For information about the NetBSD mailing lists, see the NetBSD
	Mailing List FAQ that is posted regularly by Chris Demetriou in
	comp.os.386bsd.announce.


1.5.4	System Updates.

	There are at least two different ways of getting the updates
	for the current source tree for both FreeBSD and NetBSD.  The
	first is the traditional FTP method, and the other is using a 
	utility called 'sup'.  This program keeps a log of the source 
	modules that have been updated and sends out only those files 
	that have been changed.  Included below are some sample 
	instructions from John Brezak <brezak@apollo.hp.com> on how to 
	run sup for NetBSD.  The sup procedures for FreeBSD are similar 
	and are available via ftp from freefall.cdrom.com in the 
	~/ftp/pub/sup directory.  This directory contains the sup 
	program, a man page, a sample sup-file and full instructions 
	for maintaining your sources via 'sup.


1.6	Documentation available

	There are two types of documentation for *BSD.  First is the 
	set that covers the operation and theory used in BSD-Unix.  


1.6.1	BSD manuals

	The full set of BSD documentation is available via anonymous FTP 
	via ftp://ocf.berkeley.edu/pub/Library/Computer/doc4.3.  To print 
	this documentation on *BSD systems, replace the ditroff 
	references in the Makefile with 'groff -e -t -msU {SRC} >out.ps' 
	to generate PostScript format files.  Use different options to 
	make the output conform to other print styles.

	The etc distribution also comes with a documentation directory
	/usr/share/doc which has nearly 3Meg of documentation about *BSD.
	  
	In addition, on-line manuals are available in the binary 
	distribution set.  It contains specific information on the use 
	of UNIX utilities and commands.  Type "man man" for information 
	on the online manual.


1.6.2	BSD books

	For learning how to work in the Unix environment, the standard text
	is "The Unix Programming Environment,"  by Kernighan and Pike.
	
	For Unix Administration, the best is "Unix System Administration
	Handbook," by Nemeth, Snyder and Seebass.

	For systems level programming (i.e., systems calls), I recommend
	"Advanced Unix Programming," by Marc Rochkind.  Unfortunately it is
	out-dated and oriented towards System V.  

	A new book "Advanced Programming in the Unix Environment," by W.
	Richard Stevens is very	up-to-date, and an excellent reference,
	especially for dealing with POSIX standards issues.

	For network programming, "Unix Network Programming," by W. Richard
	Stevens is highly regarded.
	
	The 4.3BSD Unix Manuals contain loads of invaluable tutorials and
	historical papers in addition to hard copies of on-line documentation.
	The six volume set is available from Usenix for $60.00 (email:
	office@usenix.org)

	The 4.4 BSD Unix Manuals are the authoritative source for
	information about the 4.4 BSD release, and by inference the
	NetBSD and FreeBSD systems.  They are available from O'Reilly
	and Associates (the Nutshell series people).  In addition the
	the six volume set, there is a CD included (at a price) of the
	entire 4.4 release.  Combine this with the NetBSD 1.0 or FreeBSD
	2.0 systems, and you should have a commercial quality operating
	system available in no time.

	I recommend you look at "The AWK Programming Language," by 
	Aho, Weinberger and Kernighan.  This is a very nice prototyping 
	language - powerful and easy to use.

	Another excellent reference book for *BSD is "The Design and 
	Implementation of the 4.3BSD UNIX Operating system" by  Samuel J. 
	Leffler, Marshall Kirk McKusick, Michael J. Karels, John S. 
	Quarterman, 1989, Addison-Wesley, ISBN 0-201-06196-1.  While this 
	book is out of date in many sections, it is purported to be an 
	excellent source of historical information, if nothing else.  
	Chris Demetriou recommends the sections on the treatment of 
	file systems, caching and the networking layer.  The sections in 
	this books which do not apply to *BSD include the VM section, 
	bootstrapping, and autoconfig.

	Here is a list from Hellmuth Michaelis (duplicative as it may seem
	to have all of these lists) for more information on *BSD:

<pre>
	UNIX AND UNIX DEVICE DRIVERS
	----------------------------

	Bell Telephone Laboratories, Inc. "UNIX Programmer's Manual, Seventh
		Edition, Volume 2". Revised and Expanded Version.
		Holt, Rinehart and Winston 1983


	George Pajari, "Writing Unix Device Drivers"
		Addison Wesley 1992


	Janet I. Egan and Thomas J. Teixeira, "Writing a UNIX Device Driver"
		John Wiley & Sons 1989, especially the 30 page appendix
		handling the unique features of the BSD system.


	Janet I. Egan and Thomas J. Teixeira, "Writing a UNIX Device Driver"
		Second Edition. John Wiley &*BSD1992


	Leffler, McKusick, Karels, Quarterman, "The Design and Implementation
		of the 4.3BSD UNIX Operating System"
		Addison Wesley 1988, corrected Reprint 1989


	Leffler, McKusick, "The Design and Implementation of the 4.3BSD UNIX
		Operating System, Answer Book"
		Addison Wesley 1991


	Leffler, McKusick, Karels, Quarterman, "The Design and Implementation
		of the 4.4BSD UNIX Operating System"
		available in fine book stores everywhere


	Maurice J. Bach, "The Design of the UNIX Operating System"
		Prentice-Hall 1986


	Sun Microsystems Inc., "Writing Device Drivers"
		Part No. 800-3851-10, Revision A of 27 March 1990

	
	Hewlett-Packard Company, "HP-UX Driver Development Guide",
		Part No. 98577-90013, First Edition 07/91


	W. Richard Stevens, "Advanced Programming in the UNIX Environment",
		Addison Wesley 1992


	Phillip M. Adams, Clovis L. Tondo, "Writing Unix Device Drivers in C",
		Prentice Hall 1993

	Peter Kettle, Steve Statler, "Writing Device Drivers for SCO UNIX,
		A Practical Approach", Addison Wesley 1993

</pre>
	In addition, there are many other books which, for one reason or 
	another, have not made it into this brief list.  Rest assured that 
	this is not intended to be an exhaustive list by any means. 

	There is also some documentation associated with the pcvt
	console driver.  Since this documentation is part of the normal
	distribution on both FreeBSD and NetBSD, and DOES document a
	device driver, it should be considered a good source for more
	insight into writing device drivers.


1.6.6	The O'Reilly and Associates BSD 4.4 Set.

	O'Reilly and Associates puts out a five book series that
	includes all of the documentation for BSD 4.4.  In addition,
	they also sell a CD-ROM with all of the publicly releasable
	BSD-4.4 code that is available.  These books are good references
	(perhaps not perfect, since many changes to the system have been
	made even since these books were produced) but they do provide a
	great deal of background and rationale for the system and the
	history for much of the system. 


1.6.7	Other FAQ's on the net that are relevant
	
	Most FAQs are available by anonymous FTP from rtfm.mit.edu and 
	via Usenet News in news.answers and/or comp.answers.  This FAQ
	is no exception (I hope). 
	
	
1.7.1	Official distribution sites

	FreeBSD's 'home' is FreeBSD.cdrom.com (the home disk of Walnut
	Creek).  The portions of FreeBSD (versions less than 2.0) that
	were encumbered are distributed with the tolerance of
	AT&T/USL/Novell/SCO/whoever owns the source for SysV this 
	week.  All FreeBSD versions (with version number >= 2.0) are 
	based solely on the freely redistributable BSD 4.4 sources.

	NetBSD's 'home' is now ftp.NetBSD.Org.  All versions of
	NetBSD since 0.9 have replaced the kernel code from the 4.3 
	distribution with the source from the 4.4 distribution.  The
	only code still in NetBSD from the 4.3 distribution is some user
	program code that was uncontested in the USL/UCB agreement.

	OpenBSD's 'home' is ftp.openbsd.org.  It was based on NetBSD
	Version 1.0, so it is (by definition) clean.  There are (at
	least) two things which differentiate OpenBSD from NetBSD.  
	One big difference here is that nearly anyone can write 
	changes to the kernel code in the -current line and make 
	their updates available.  Another is OpenBSD is hosted in
	Canada, and therefore has no export restrictions on any of it's
	code (specifically the encryption code for DES).



-- 
Dave Burgess                   Network Engineer - Nebraska On-Ramp, Inc.
*bsd FAQ Maintainer / SysAdmin for the NetBSD system in my spare bedroom
"Just because something is stupid doesn't mean there isn't someone that 
doesn't want to do it...."


From burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com Sun Sep 28 14:17:26 1997
Date: 13 Sep 1997 02:00:10 -0500
From: Dave Burgess <burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com>
Newsgroups: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.announce, comp.unix.bsd.freebsd.announce,
    comp.answers, news.answers, comp.unix.openbsd.announce
Subject: [comp.unix.bsd] NetBSD, FreeBSD, and OpenBSD FAQ (Part 3 of 10)
Followup-To: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.misc

Posted-By: auto-faq 3.1.1.2
Archive-name: 386bsd-faq/part3

Section 2.	(Common installation questions)


2.0	Install process
	
	Once the files are on floppies, thoughts usually turn to
	questions about how to install the boot image on a floppy.  The 
	rawrite program (for DOS) is used to write the bootable images 
	(dist.fs and fixit.fs) onto floppies.  The same image can used 
	for 3 1/2 and 5 1/4 high density diskettes. NetBSD uses the .fs 
	file extension for its floppy images.  FreeBSD uses the .flp 
	extension.
	
	Once the bootable images are written onto the floppies, insert 
	the dist.fs disk into the A: drive and reboot.  If the system
	does not boot, see section 2.5 below for more information.
	
	If the disk boots, type install and proceed to use the 
	INSTALL.NOTES to get more information.
	
	Problems with the install are either related to hardware (i.e.
	Do you want to install on your T.V.?) or software.  Of the 
	hardware issues, the most common FAQs are usually straight out 
	of the installation notes.  Of the software issues, there are 
	only two that really concern us.  The first is bad files.
	
	On some systems, files that are loaded from floppy appear to 
	'go bad' when they arrive on the hard disk.  Try some of these 
	solutions:

	- You forgot binary.  Don't get insulted.  Those of us that FTP 
	for a living forget sometimes.  If so, the distribution will
	come out with all different sizes and install will complain
	about every disk.
	
	- One or two of the files are no good.  Try getting them again.  
	As a precaution, rename the bad files on your hard drive to
	names like foo.1 and bob.23.  Copy the files again from floppy.  
	If they are still bad, rename the file, and the one immediately 
	before the first bad file (bin01.23 if bin01.24 is bad) and
	copy them again.  If they are still bad, download those files 
	again from the distribution site (including the one before and 
	after the bad one) and try again.  

	The reason for renaming the files is that sometimes, especially 
	with drive that do not auto-magically record bad sectors, you
	could copy a distribution file onto a bad spot on the disk.  If
	this happens, you want to isolate the bad spot.  The easiest way
	to do that is just leave the bad file on it.
	
	For those of you that have received your system on a CD-ROM,
	you will need to find at least three things.  One is this file. 
	Since you are reading it, I assume that you got it already. :-)  
	If you can't read this file (you got it from the newsgroup, for 
	example) there is one thing that you need to know so you don't 
	look like a complete idiot on the net.

	There is no such thing as a Unix CD-ROM.  They are all in 
	something called the ISO CD-ROM format.  You can read them as 
	the D: drive in DOS, or mount them on your Sun or SVR4 system 
	or whatever.

	Second, you will need to find the directory with the bootable
	disk images in it.  They will have self explanatory names like:

<pre>
	kerncopy.fs
	base0-9.fs
	fred.fs
	genericaha.fs
	boot-me-first.fs
	this-is-the-file-with-the-fs-extension.fs
</pre>

	You get the idea, right?  Look for the MS-DOS program
	"RAWRITE.EXE".  It should be right near the file system (.fs) 
	files.  Another clue for the truly lost will be that the file 
	system files will all be 1.2 Meg big.  These files will fit 
	onto either a 1.2Meg 5.25 inch diskette, or a 1.44Meg 2.5 inch 
	diskette.  Use rawrite to write the fs files to diskettes and
	boot from the diskettes.

	The FreeBSD system uses a system 'pretty much' the same as this,
	except that the filesystem files are 1.2 Meg files and they all
	have a '.flp' extension.  Other than that, the instructions
	apply.

	You did back your system up, right?

	For those of you trying to build installation floppies, you
	will need to verify the media type on the 'dd' and 'disklabel'
	commands in the Makefile.  The default is to build to 1.2 Meg
	disks (being the smallest in terms of room).  Change the 12100
	and floppy5 entries to 14410 and floppy3 (respectivly).


2.0.1	Boot disks  (versions and media formats)
	
2.0.1.1	I have the base system installed, and now I want to install the
	rest of the system.  Where did the 'extract' program go?

	When installing NetBSD, the 'set_tmp_dir' and 'extract' programs 
	are part of the .profile that is booted when you are installing.  
	This .profile is overwritten as part of the install process, and
	extract then disappears.  If you need extract again, you can mount 
	the install disk and source .profile.  This will recreate these 
	two routines.

	There is also an install procedure that FreeBSD uses that does
	the same job.  It is defined as part of the .profile on one of the
	installation floppies.  You can either copy it from there, or use
	the procedure for 'real disk partitioning'.

	Failing that, you can use the following process to extract the
	sources.

	    -   First, 'cd' to where your files are.
	    -   Assuming you want to extract the kernel sources, use the 
	    following command to extract the files:

	    "cat ksrc* | tar -xvf - -C /"

	This will combine the pieces, feed them to tar, and load the
	files in the 'standard' place.

2.0.1.2a	The floppy booted, but now the hard disk won't boot?
2.0.1.2b	I am trying to reinstall.  I run install and it loops
		  asking me if I want to use the whole disk?
	
	The most likely culprit is your hard disk controller.  If you
	have an IDE or EIDE controller, it is probably doing some type 
	of disk translation for you.  If this is the case (assume it 
	is) then you will need to find out the real disk controller 
	geometry, and rewrite your disk label.  See section 2.6.2, but 
	before doing that get the program pfdisk.exe.  This program 
	will tell you what the controller geometry is (right before 
	it reboots your computer).  Make the disklabel agree with 
	this program and your system should boot.  You may have to 
	reinstall, but at least your disklabel will be right.  Note 
	that this is a nearly required step for all NetBSD and 
	FreeBSD installs.  You need to know what the disk geometry 
	is before the BIOS messes with it.  If you start having these 
	kinds of installation problems, I can virtually assure you that 
	it is because your controller geometry and your disklabel 
	geometry are different.

	NOTE:  If the hard disk controller does NOT have an option for
	turning off the geometry, you may well be completely out of
	luck.  There are very few controllers that fall into this
	category.  The ones that do full time translation will often
	boot up in translated mode.  pfdisk will help you determine the
	correct geometry for your drive by telling you what the geometry
	looks like when 386bsd boots up.  

	But on the other hand, maybe not...

	See section 2.5.5 below for a detailed set of instructions about
	getting NetBSD (and by implication 386BSD and FreeBSD) to work with 
	a system that uses full time translation.


2.0.1.4	What are the options on the boot prompt?

	The most amazing thing about the boot process in *BSD is the
	boot up alternatives that are available.  There is little that
	a person can NOT do from the boot prompt.  The boot diskette or
	disk can be selected (fd(1,a) for fd1a (my B: drive is DOS))
	can be the source of my kernel.  In addition, the name of the
	kernel can be chosen (this allows you to boot with a test
	kernel or reboot an older kernel if the new one gets hosed).
	Finally, there are three choices for options that may or may
	not work, depending on the age and proclivities of your boot
	blocks.  These options are documented in 2.5.9 below.


2.0.1.5	I just used the '-s' option on the boot, but I can't write
	anything onto the disk.  What is wrong?  If I use a plain 'mount'
	command it tells me that my root file system is read-only.

	In single-user (system booted with -s or an error in one of 
	the processes started by /etc/rc) the root filesystem mounts 
	as read-only by default. This was intended so that some range 
	of problems would not be made worse by writes to the disk.

	The 'dos' partitions mount as read-only in that there are 
	reservations as to how well some of the FreeBSD tools work with 
	the pcfs.  The same kind of reservations exist with NetBSD and 
	the '-t msdosfs' option.  These options (-r for read-only, -w
	for read-write) can be set in /etc/fstab.

	The status of both can be changed with 'mount -wu /{mount.dir}'
	(where {mount-dir} is the name of the directory that the 
	offending partition is mounted) to read-write.  Particularly for 
	the dos filesystem, the man page for mount should be read in 
	detail and the 'noexec' option examined.

	Note that mounting the file systems using the '-a' option will
	mount all of the file systems that are normally mounted with
	their usual read-write bits set normally.  Using this option
	makes your root partition writable, and also mounts the rest of
	the partitions in your /etc/fstab that are normally mounted
	during boot-up.


2.1	Binary distribution
2.1.1	I want to install by NFS but I am having all kinds of problems
	connecting to the Sun server where the files are.

	There is an unusual problem when installing over NFS.  This
	solution may have been corrected in the documentation that comes
	with FreeBSD and NetBSD, but if not, here it is.

	The most common problem seems to be that FreeBSD (and by
	inference NetBSD and all the other 4.4 based systems) do not
	send out NFS requests over privileged ports.  Sun's NFS
	implementation (and others, once again by inference) expect
	precisely the opposite.  These systems will quietly fail if you
	try to NFS to them.

	The usual error message (which may ONLY appear in
	/var/adm/messages) is "nfs_server: weak authentication, source
	IP address=xx.xx.xx.xx"

	SunOS is particularly insidious at this point.  The mount
	succeeds, but then everything else after that fails.  This means
	that your FreeBSD or NetBSD system will return an EACCESS error
	whenever you try to grab a file from the NFS filesystem.  The
	solution (tested in FreeBSD) is to include the 'resvport' flag
	like this:

<pre>
	# mount -o resvport server:/fs /mnt_point

</pre>
	or to use the -P flag (which does the same thing).  See the
	mount and mount_nfs man pages for the details.

	In fact, the -P flag provides a solution to the FreeBSD NFS
	installation problem.  When prompted for server/filesystem, type
	in the flag before the server/filesystem pair:

<pre>
	  -P server:/fs
</pre>

	If you are using an 8-bit network card, and want to avoid the
	ring buffer overflow problems that seem to come standard with
	this class of cards, you can also include the "-r4096 -w4096"
	flags between the -P and the server.


2.2	Configuration

	By far, the most common configuration questions are partitioning, 
	followed closely by all of the other software in the system.  
	Sendmail and named are also problems occasionally, but the 
	documentation that comes with them usually gets you through.  If 
	you run into a problem, post a question to comp.os.386bsd.questions.  

	A less frequently asked question is "Where can I get info on how 
	to configure a kernel?"  The answer to this question has been 
	provided by Richard Murphey (Email address rich@Rice.edu).  
	
	--------------------------------------------------------------------
	Ready-to-print PostScript files for each section of the net2 system 
	maintainer's manual are on nova.cc.purdue.edu in 
	pub/386bsd/submissions/bsd.manuals.
	
	smm.02.config.ps.Z describes kernel configuration for the VAX, 
	however some of it is relevant to 386BSD.  There is no freely 
	available rewrite for 386BSD that I know of.  
	--------------------------------------------------------------------

	Most of these manuals are now included in the standard release of
	NetBSD and FreeBSD in the /usr/share/doc directories.

2.2.1	Partitions

	This section describes many of the questions that people ask about 
	hard disk partitioning.
	
	The first is a brief explanation of the BSD system disk partitions.

2.2.1.1	What is a 'disklabel' and why do I need one?

	The BSD partition table supplements the DOS partition table.  The 
	entries in this table are meaningful to BSD.  There are eight 
	partitions in the BSD partition table, and they are normally 
	lettered from a: to h:.  This supplemental partition table is
	often referred to as the 'disklabel'.

	There have been many good articles in both the mailing lists and
	the newsgroups about disk labeling and partitioning.  I have
	included a few of them here.  NOTE:  This information has not
	really changed since 386BSD 0.1.  Some of the specifics may be
	out of date (the use of the d: partition, for example) but the
	steps and information are still pertinent.

	Phil Nelson (pail@cs.wu.edu) writes:
	I have installed several disks that have > 1024 cylinders and 
	have used both DOS and NetBSD.  What has worked for me EVERY TIME
	is the following: 

        a) Tell the BIOS that you have 1023 cylinders and the correct
	geometry for heads and sectors.  (This will limit your DOS part 
	of the disk to be LESS than the first 1023 cylinders.) You need 
	to have ALL of  your partition A (/dev/wd?a) in the first 1023 
	cylinders so that the boot program can read the kernel from
	the root partition using the BIOS routines.  (ed note: You can
	specify the full number of cylinders in some BIOSes and it won't
	make any difference.  The DOS part of the disk will always be less
	than 1023 cylinders.)

	b) With fdisk, partition your 1023 cylinders as you want them.

	c) Use the real geometry in NetBSD.  Once the NetBSD kernel is 
	booted, it does not have the 1024 cylinder limit: that is only 
	for the BIOS.  NetBSD only looks at the BSD disklabel, not the 
	DOS disk label.  The two disk labels (DOS and BSD) may not agree
	on the BSD partition size!  This isn't a problem, since each
	system's idea of the disks geometry is based on different
	information.

	d) Use NetBSD!

	Chris Jones writes:

	I was getting different reports of disk geometry from different 
	programs, so I opened up the computer and read the plastic label 
	on the drive.  I then instructed the BIOS (which, when using 
	auto-detect disagreed) what the disk geometry was.  Then, I 
	used pfdisk to create partitions.  The first thing I did with it 
	was to tell it what the geometry really was.  It said something 
	about a symbolic mapping and dealt with it.  Then I was able to 
	specify all partitions in real units instead of virtual ones.  
	NetBSD boots fine, and if memory serves, it is the only program 
	that has recognized the real disk geometry from the beginning.

	This tutorial is provided by by "Hacksaw" <hacksaw@user1.channel1.com>
	and provides an  excellent overview of the hard disk partitioning 
	procedure from start to finish.

		"Disk Partitioning for the Compleat Idiot"

	There are times, in our trials with our computers, that it becomes
	necessary to mess about with the disklabel. For those not
	knowledgeable of BSD or Unix Systems administration, this somewhat
	simple task can be somewhat daunting. This document is the result of
	my own short experience.

	This does not cover physical installation of the disk. For those who
	are having trouble with that, I direct you to any of the fine manuals
	dealing with hard drives and your hardware.

	It also does not deal with the vagaries of the DOS partition manager.
	It assumes you have done that as well, if need be...

	After the drive is physically installed and is recognized in the BSD
	startup, and it mentions both your drives, in the order you expect
	them... Or perhaps just the one, if you had special problems with
	installation. Now all you have to do is "disklabel" the drive... Well,
	what is *THAT*??? 

	The disklabel is used by the kernel and other utilities to tell how
	you want or have the drive set up *logically*. 

	In a beautiful world, we might have a very free hand at this set-up
	and expect it to work. Unfortunately, the authors of the software
	dealing with the hard drives either decided or were forced by
	circumstance to make certain things about the disklabel inviolate. 
	
	When you let the installation disk set the disklabel for you first
	drive it comes out like this:
<pre>

	    The a: partition is the primary partition.
	    The b: partition is the swap partition.
	    The c: partition is the amount of the disk used by 386bsd 
	    	(swap and data)
	    The d: partition is the entire disk (on the PC version only).
</pre>

	Of these, the only one that could be different is a:... 

	(Note for those of us who have spent far too much time using DOS: the
	labels a: b: c: d: e: f: g: h: DO NOT refer to DOS drives, but to
	partitions in your 386bsd partition... confusing, eh?  For the sake 
	of consistency I will never make a reference to DOS drives except by
	saying something like "DOS drive C:". )

	It's possible to divide up the disk a bit differently, but three
	things MUST be:

	c: must refer to every cylinder you wish 386bsd to use, either
	for your data or the swap space. 

	b: Must always refer to a swap partition. Note that on any
	other than the first disk it does not have to, but if you
	enable swapping on that drive, and you are using b: for
	something else, that something else will be killed.

	The reason for this is simple: It's hard coded in.

	"WHY?" you ask? (I did...) Probably time constraints, maybe tradition.
	But if you look at the code in "isofs" and "ufs" in your sys.386bsd
	directory, you will see numerous comments asking some of the same
	questions, which leads me to believe this may change in the future,
	making our lives both more complicated and easier at the same time...

	Getting past the esoteric explanations, here is a method for figuring
	out and "labeling" your disk.

	We'll start with the disklabel from my second disk, in the form most
	understandable by humans... #'s signify the start of a comment.

<pre>
	# /dev/rwd1d:
	type: ESDI
	disk: maxtor7245
	label: 
	flags:
	bytes/sector: 512
	sectors/track: 31
	tracks/cylinder: 16
	sectors/cylinder: 496
	cylinders: 967
	rpm: 3600
	interleave: 1
	trackskew: 0
	cylinderskew: 0
	headswitch: 0		# milliseconds
	track-to-track seek: 0	# milliseconds
	drivedata: 0 
	
	5 partitions:
	#      size  offset  fstype [fsize bsize   cpg]
  	a:   198400       0  4.2BSD    512  4096    16 	# (Cyl.    0 - 399)
  	b:    31744  447392    swap                  	# (Cyl.  902 - 965)
  	c:   479136       0  unused      0     0       	# (Cyl.    0 - 965)
  	d:   479136       0  unused      0     0       	# (Cyl.    0 - 965)
  	e:   248992  198400  4.2BSD    512  4096    16	# (Cyl.  400 - 901)
</pre>
	
	Some math:
	Looking at the comments at the end and the size and offset columns,
	size is a function of (last - first + 1) * sectors per cylinder:
	a: 399 - 0 + 1 = 400 * 496 = 198400
	b: 965 - 902 + 1 = 64 * 496 = 31744
	c: & d: (Since I have no DOS partition, whatsoever)
   	   965 - 0 + 1 = 966 * 496 = 479136
	e: 901 - 400 + 1= 502 * 496 = 248992
	
	248992 + 198400 + 31744 = 479136 (all the parts should equal the whole)
	
	Some things I discovered  (for all you in novice land like me...)
	
	1. As you can see this disk has 967 cylinders, but I only refer to 966
	of them, 0 - 965... This is because it's good practice to leave the
	"Landing Zone" cylinder out of it... This is usually the last
	cylinder, and it's where the read/write heads hang out when your disk
	is off...

	Note from TSgt Dave:

	Most modern drive heads come to rest on a polished surface inside the 
	highest cylinder.  I could be mistaken, of course, and the Hard Drive 
	Bible (or other appropriate reference manual) will tell the tale for 
	each drive.

	2. a: can be a regular partition, b: should be swap, c: everything
	386bsd will get to use, including swap. d: is the entire disk from 
	0 - (cylinder_per_disk - 2)   [leaving out the Landing Zone]

	On the boot drive (The drive that actually contains the kernel), a: 
	is the boot partition.  On all other drives, it is a regular partition.
	Regardless of whether you are using DOS or not, the entire a:
	partition must reside completely within the first 1024 sectors.
	This is a limitation of the PC architecture.

	You can then use e - h for your other partitions. I am not sure
	whether you could specify b: as other than a swap partition and not
	run into trouble, but you could surely make it a zero sized one
	starting and stopping on the Landing Zone...

	Note from TSgt Dave:

	This is a good idea.  Another way to accomplish this is to
	simply not specify it in the map.

	3. Stupid human trick: When doing the math don't forget that 400 - 900
	refers to 50*1* cylinders. I did, for a while. No great problem I
	suspect, but why waste a cylinder...

	4. newfs'ing really is that simple if you have the label right:
	"newfs /dev/rwd?x config_template" where the question mark is the 
	physical disk, the x is a partition letter, and the config_template 
	is the configuration from /etc/disktab for your disk drive. 

	* NOTE:  This is a thumbnail sketch; read the man page to verify all 
	of the options and be sure about how to proceed...
	
	5. then fsck the partition: 
	fsck /dev/rwd?x 
	
	Don't forget that fsck should be run on the RAW device.

	6. As long as it checks out, you can then mount it and do disk things
	with it...

	7. Add it to the fstab... (follow the man page).  Don't forget 
	that your new swap partition won't work if your kernel isn't 
	configured for it, but it won't cause you any problem to have 
	it there. 

	One last note from TSgt Dave:

	And I have yet to figure out a way to determine if it is or
	isn't using the swap partition anyway.  There is a program called
	'swapinfo' and it is part of the NetBSD source tree.  On my system, 
	it tells me that I never use the swap area. :)

	A note for those trying to use the CCD: to figure out what the
	disk label should be for your concatenated device, assuming
	your disks are identical, just add up the cylinders (minus the
	ones your reserved for the individual disk labels). I know
	this works for purely concatenated (not striped) IDE disks, I
	am assuming it should work on stripped SCSI disks.

	Commonly used definitions:

	bsize:
	Block Size:  This is the smallest allocatable area on a disk file 
	system, sort of.  A file uses the maximum amount of blocks until it
	can not completely fill up a block. 

	fsize:
	Fragment Size:  This is the size of the 'leftover' data that didn't
	fit into a full block.  For example, assuming a using an 8K Block
	Size/1K Fragment Size, a 34.5K file, would use up 4-8K Blocks (4 *
	8K = 32K) and 3 1K fragments (3 * 1K = 3K).  There is 512 bytes of
	wasted space, since 32K + 3K = 35K, which is 512 bytes larger than
	34.5K.  If you want to reduce the amount of wasted space, you can
	reduce your fragment size, but you also reduce the amount of data
	you read at one time, so your disk performance decreases also.
	A good setup is 8K/1K for performance, but if you are really
	concerned about wasted space you can consider using a 4K/512byte
	filesystem.

	For further information, find an article that explains the Berkeley
	FFS in more detail.

	cpg:
	Cylinders Per Group, it determines the cylinder group size, which 
	in turn determines the number and location of the alternate 
	superblocks.


2.2.1.2	What other kinds of information do I need if I really want to
	tune my hard drive's performance in conjunction with a newfs?

	Having taken Aim's suggestion and changed my newfs values, I 
	think I've now made some empirical observations that suggest 
	that the defaults for newfs should definitely be changed.

	With all the disks I tested with, -n 1 (which isn't even 
	*documented!*) provided greatly improved performance, as 
	opposed to all other values of -n.  I think that with 
	sector-addressed drives with complex physical geometries, 
	rotational position optimization is a technique which is no 
	longer valid.

	If _anyone_ has _any_ disk larger than 300MB or so (or even 
	a small disk) manufactured within the last few years for which 
	larger values of -n produce better performance than -n 1, I'm 
	very curious to hear about it.  I'd be particularly interested 
	in any disk for which the default value produces optimal results.

	Increasing maxcontig seemed to always improve write scores, but 
	values of maxcontig above 16 seemed to have a noticeable _negative_ 
	impact on read performance.  -a 512, for example, on the disk in 
	my machine at home, yielded a peak write rate (4MB file, 8K record 
	size) of 4.7MB/s, much better than the 4.3MB/s value for -a 64, 
	but read performance was reduced from 2.6MB/s to 2.1MB/s.  I do 
	not understand why this is the case, and I'd love suggestions.

	I believe that with rotational position optimization turned 
	off (-n 1), the value of the -r option is of no consequence.  I 
	believe that the fact that with the default value for -n, the 
	-r option seemed to have little or no impact on performance 
	serves to demonstrate that rotational optimization does not 
	work correctly on modern drives.

	The default value of the -d option also produces much worse 
	results than -d 0.  I'm probably inexact up above; I believe 
	that -n 1 -d 0 is what turns off rotational position optimization 
	entirely.  I'm all for it. :-)

	I suggest that the defaults for newfs be changed to:

<pre>
	    -n 1 -d 0 -a 16 -r 5400
</pre>

	The -r value just in case someone decides to try playing with 
	rotational position optimization for some incomprehensible 
	reason.  Though actually, anyone with a disk where said 
	optimization is a win might want -r 3600 after all.

	If someone can explain why values of -a above 16 seem to 
	negatively impact read performance, I'm all for making -a very 
	very large, like 512 or 1024 -- in this case the filesystem 
	code will automatically limit maxcontig to the maximum transfer 
	size for a given controller/disk, right?  What are some typical 
	such sizes?  Why does -a 512 hurt read performance so much, and 
	how can it be fixed?  From comments by Larry McVoy, a good 
	implementation of UFS with clustering will yield disk speed 
	on writes, and about 25% less on reads.

	Right now, on my hardware at least, we seem to _surpass_ 
	slightly the speed of raw writes to the disk device on writes, 
	but on reads we lose big as the maxcontig value goes up, and we 
	seem to lose worst on large file/record sizes, where the raw 
	device delivers about 5MB/s in my case, but with -a 512 I get 
	only about 2.5MB/s under UFS.

	If you can't guess, I'm incredibly curious as to why the value 
	of -a affects reads as much as it does, or at all, for that matter.

	Still, we don't do so badly -- with -a 16, we pretty much hit 
	Larry's "good" value on reads of 75% efficiency, and we still 
	just barely surpass the raw device write figures.  (I am very, 
	very, very curious as to how this is possible at all.  Anyone?)


2.2.2	Common Disk Label Problems.

2.2.2.1	Increasing the *BSD partition size.

	There is no easy way to increase this swap partition without 
	relabeling the drive.   Unfortunately, relabeling usually involves 
	reinstalling.  That involves re-doing just about everything you have 
	just finished doing.  The good news is that if all you have done is 
	the base installation, you don't have a lot of time and energy 
	invested in the system.  Take the time, and make sure that your swap 
	space is at least as big as your memory; many people recommend even
	larger.  There is no real limit to the size that this space can
	take.  If you have two disk drives, you can have space space on both.
	Simply follow the instructions above, and you will be all set.
	If your swap space is smaller than your real memory, system core 
	dumps will be disabled.

	If you have compiled in the VNODEPAGER option in your config
	file, you can use vnode files for swap space.   The precise
	details are exaplined in the man pages, but the easiest way to
	start is to include the following line in your /etc/fstab:

	/dev/vnd0b	swap	swap	sw

	Defining the file for the vnode is fairly straightforward:

	vnconfig -c /tmp/swapfile /dev/vnd0b

	and actually making it swap is as simple as 

	swapon /dev/vnd0b

	From there, the rest of your questions should be answerable from
	the vnconfig manpage.


2.2.2.2	I can access the DOS partition on my second disk from Unix but not 
	DOS?  Any suggestions?

	One kinky problem that almost got me was when I tried to disklabel 
	my second drive in order to use the DOS partition on it, and use 
	the rest as swap for BSD (FreeBSD-1.0 Eps, SCSI drive on an 
	AHA1542B, to be exact). The DOS partition was visible from UNIX, 
	but *not* from DOS.

	What I tried to do:
	    Using PFDISK (from DOS), make one big DOS partition at the start 
	    and use the rest for a BSD partition (type 165).  Something that 
	    came out like
<pre>
		  1    6    0	69 DOSbi # ..
		  2    165  70	98 unkno
</pre>
	    for a 99 cyl drive.

	    Using BSD disklabel generate disk description/label as documented 
	    in the FAQ. Make only 'c' (total BSD DOS part), 'd' (complete disk) 
	    and 'b' (intended swap) BSD partitions.

	Problem:
	    When writing the label, disklabel would ask about overwriting DOS
	    partition table.  Whether I said y or n, the DOS partition table
	    was screwed up, as seen from DOS (BSD saw the DOS file system
	    very nicely indeed).

	Cause, solution:
	    BSD disklabel wants to write the label to the start of the 'a' 
	    partition; I had *not* defined an 'a' partition (since I was 
	    only using the disk for swap).  This tells disklabel that the 'a'
	    partition is the start of the disk, which means there is no DOS
	    partition.  Disklabel then writes the label at the start of the 
	    drive, which is why it talks about overwriting (aha!); this is 
	    *bad* for the DOS partition table.  One solution is to have a 
	    non-empty (e.g. one cylinder) 'a' partition at the start of the 
	    BSD part of the disk, and resize the 'b' swap partition 
	    accordingly.  Now everything works just fine.  Note that
	    this solution can be used whenever you want the DOS
	    partition table to be safe and the DOS partition to be
	    mountable.

	    One other fly in this ointment.  The disklabel program has 
	    historically asked "Overwrite disk with DOS-partition [n]: "
	    then the normal inclination is to believe the prompt and
	    press return for 'no'.  The default answer may or may not be
	    'no'.  There are several versions of disklabel where the
	    default answer is actually 'yes' even though the prompt
	    implies that you can press return and get 'no'.  In this case,
	    it might be best to assume that the default answer doesn't 
	    exist until you have had a chance to actually look at the
	    disklabel code.


2.2.2.3	I want to use my entire 2 Gig drive as the root partition.  Why
	doesn't it work?

	The easiest answer is the architecture of the machine has gotten
	you.  Because of the limitations of the BIOS, everything the
	boot process needs must reside in the first 1023 cylinders on
	the disk.  Most really big drives have more 'real' tracks than
	this, so DOS tries to translate the drive so it doesn't.  The
	*BSD systems don't; they rely on the disk geometry being
	correct, or at least the same as the controller thinks it is.
	Once the system is up and running, the BIOS is disabled.  This
	means that the system no longer has that 1023 track limitation.
	What does this mean to you?  Make sure that the root partition
	(the a: partition above) of your boot drive does not extend 
	beyond track 1023.  If you have a large DOS partition that 
	covers nearly all of that, you may need to make a VERY small 
	root partition to make absolutely certain the root does not 
	extend past 1023.


2.5.3	How do I set up the system so that I can boot from more than one
	operating system/file-loader without using floppies?
	
	There are many people that wish to be able to boot DOS or 386bsd 
	at will.  There are several programs that allow this.  The 
	program "os-bs" is one such program, "BOOTEASY" is another, and 
	there are three or four others.  There are problems in some 
	configurations using the os/2 boot manager for this, so beware.  
	
	In addition to being able to boot from either of two partitions, 
	some people want to operate more than one disk drive (and perhaps 
	boot from either as well).  Christoph Robitschko provided one 
	description of this.  Since there are virtually limitless 
	possibilities for configurations for BSD systems, it will be 
	impossible to answer all of the possible questions about these 
	features.  Many people operate with multiple disk drives on one 
	or more controllers.  

	Yu-Han Ting provides this tutorial on partitioning and booting
	multiple systems with a single hard disk.


2.2.3	How do I get the system to boot from the second hard drive?

	Julian Elischer (julian@jules.dialix.oz.au) adds:

	To make the boot code default to drive 1 look in 
	/sys/{arch/}i386/bootboot.c for the following (or similar.  The
	code may have changed a little and may be in a different 
	directory:
<pre>

loadstart:
 
	/***************************************************************\
        * As a default set it to the first partition of the first	*
        * floppy or hard drive						*
  	\***************************************************************/
        part = unit = 0;
        maj = (drive&0x80 ? 0 : 2);             /* a good first bet */
        name = names[currname++];


	and change it to:


loadstart:

	/***************************************************************\
	* As a default set it to the first partition of the SECOND	*
	* floppy or hard drive						*
	\***************************************************************/
	part = 0;
	unit = (drive & 0x7F);
	maj = (drive&0x80 ? 0 : 2);             /* a good first bet */
	name = names[currname++];

</pre>
    	This way, whatever drive the boot blocks are loaded from, it has 
	that as default.  In my case, I get wd(0,a) when I have my netbsd 
	drive as C:, and wd(1,a) when I have it as D:.  (I've been 
	swapping drives left right and center the last day getting dos 
	to boot on one drive and netbsd on another).


2.2.4	How do I disklabel my second hard drive?

	The obvious answer is to use 'disklabel -w -r /dev/rwd1d'.  
	Unfortunately, this does not always put a real disklabel on the
	drive.  The symptom is that the drive labels and can be used
	until the system is reset, at which point the system tries to
	read the label from the disk.  It was never actually written to 
	the disk, so the operation fails.

	There are also reports that the /usr/mdec files are corrupted in 
	some of the distributions.  If you have tried everything else, you
	can either load the files from one of the many archive sites that
	keep the /usr/mdec files around, or you can recompile them 
	yourself.

	Instead of specifying the entire device path name (i.e. /dev/rsd0c), 
	only specify the two letters of the device type and the unit number 
	(i.e. "sd0").  Disklabel figures out the rest, and it works.

	For instance, the following line works for me:

	  disklabel -w -r sd0 <drive-type>

	assuming of course that the boot block files are in /usr/mdec/ and
	the <drive-type> is in the /etc/disktab.

	This is also a symptom of some of the versions of FreeBSD and 
	NetBSD where the disklabel code was 'fixed' to only write a 
	disklabel on a drive with a disklabel.  Oops.

	Also, some folks want to mix SCSI and IDE drive together in the
	same system.

	A report about someone with an Austin Tower (486DX/50), AMI BIOS, 
	Caviar 2250 IDE, Adaptec 1542CF, and Toshiba SCSI disk (1.2GB)
	posted this set of instructions:

	The BIOS is configured to boot from the IDE drive as type 47 
	(user defined).  The IDE drive currently has NetBSD 1.0 BETA on it.

	The 1542CF switches are 1-4 off (open), 5-8 on.  The meaning is as 
	follows:

<pre>
	    1(off)=Termination software controlled.
	    2,3,4(off)=I/O Port x330.
	    5(on)=disable floppy.  I use the Austin floppy controller.
	    6,7,8(on)=disable Adaptec BIOS.
</pre>

	Note that this means the Adaptec 1542CF on-board setup program is 
	also disabled.  If I need to change my SCSI termination, I first 
	have to enable the Adapted BIOS (sw 6,7,8), enter 1542CF setup 
	and change termination, then change switches again.  

	I could not configure the system to boot from the SCSI drive having 
	the IDE as a secondary drive.

	(Ed Note: There is more news on this front all of the time.  
	Since I personally don't have much interest in doing this (I 
	boot from my IDE drives and mount my SCSI drives) I don't see 
	the problem. )


2.2.5	NetBSD and FreeBSD cannot handle disk geometry translations, 
	but it turns out that my disk geometry is translated.  It has 
	five zones, each with a different sec/track!  What kind of 
	things can I do about the disk translation my hard disk 
	controller uses?

	It turns out that what *BSD cannot handle is not translation, but
	translation that changes during the boot-up process.  For example,
	the configuration above will work just fine IF the translation
	that the controller uses when it powers up is the same one that it
	uses when it boots.  On many PC clones, the BIOS loads a different
	geometry after it boots to make the geometry agree with one that is
	loaded in CMOS.  This is the fatal flaw for *BSD.  Fortunately, 
	once the problem has been identified, it is relatively easy to
	handle.  Simply make sure that the BIOS is configured to set the
	controller to the translated geometry that the card powers up 
	with.
	
	There are several ways to get around these problems with disk 
	geometry translation.  If you are using a SCSI controller, you can
	specify the geometry such that each 'cylinder' is 1 Meg (64 sectors
	by 32 tracks for example).  Most SCSI controllers will blithely
	ignore what YOU tell it the geometry is and press on using this
	type of 1 Meg cylinder had to get the job done.  NOTE:  If you are
	going to try this, try to ensure that each 'pseudo cylinder' is a
	reasonable size (like 1Meg or 512K).

	An interesting method for dealing with disk geometry comes from 
	Alan Barrett (barrett@lucy.ee.und.ac.za):

	This sort of problem happens when you try to install NetBSD in a
	partition of a disk whose controller does geometry translation.  I
	have not had time to find the bug that causes the problem.  One 
	option is to disable the geometry translation:  Use ide_conf to 
	find the true geometry, use the CMOS setup program to tell your 
	BIOS about the true geometry, and reformat everything.  I 
	successfully did that on one of my systems.
	
	If you are not able to, or do not wish to, disable the geometry
	translation then the following work-around might work for you.  
	This requires that the disk have unused space on {cylinder 0, 
	head 0}, from sector 2 to sector 16.  Almost all DOS disks that 
	I have ever seen satisfy this condition, because they usually 
	start the DOS partition in {cylinder 0, head 0, sector 1}, 
	leaving most of {cylinder 0, head 0} unused apart from the 
	partition sector in {cylinder 0, head 0, sector 1}.  However, 
	many partitioning programs like to hide this fact from you, 
	and pretend that the DOS partition starts at the front of the 
	disk; don't believe them until you have checked with a raw 
	disk editor.

	    0.  Make sure you have adequate backups.

	    1.  Use a partition sector editor (fdisk, pfdisk, os-bs, 
	    	booteasy, Norton utilities, whatever) to mark the partition 
	    	that you want for NetBSD as bootable with type 0xA5 
	    	(decimal 165).

	    2.  Halt the system.  Boot the NetBSD kernel copy floppy.  
		When it asks you to insert the floppy for the root file 
		system, switch to the Install-1 floppy and press enter.

	    3.  Answer all the installation prompts, using numbers based 
		on the translated geometry.  When it asks if you really 
		want to label the disk, be brave and say yes.

	    4.  Halt the system.  Boot to DOS.  Run a disk editor program, 
		such as Norton utilities.

	    5.1.  Verify that the partition sector in {cyl 0, head 0, 
		sec 1} is undamaged.  Verify that the disklabel program 
		run as part of the NetBSD install has written the NetBSD 
		primary boot block to {cylinder xx, head 0, sector 1}, 
		written the disk label to {cyl xx, head 0, sec 2}, and 
		written the secondary boot program to {cyl xx, head 0, 
		sectors 3 to 16}.  ("xx" represents the translated 
		cylinder number you chose for the start of the NetBSD 
		partition.  You did choose to start on a cylinder boundary, 
		I hope.)

	    5.2.  Verify that the space in {cyl 0, head 0, sectors 2 to 
		16} is still available.  Copy the fifteen sectors containing 
		the NetBSD disk label and secondary boot block from {cyl 
		xx, head 0, sectors 2 to 16} to {cyl 0, head 0, sectors 2 
		to 16}.

	    5.3.  Edit the partition table in {cyl 0, head 0, sec 1}.  
		Change the system ID of the NetBSD partition from 0xA5 
		(decimal 165) to something else (I use 0xA4, decimal 164), 
		but keep it flagged as bootable.  This will let you boot 
		to the NetBSD primary boot block.

	    5.4.  Edit one of the previously unused partition table entries 
		(I hope you have one), to contain the following information: 
		{sys id = 0xA5, boot flag = 0, start cylinder/head/sector = 
		0/0/1, end cylinder/head/sector = anything, initial 
		offset = 0, total size = anything}.  This will tell the 
		NetBSD primary boot block, or a NetBSD system booted from 
		a floppy, that it should look for the NetBSD disk label 
		in {cyl 0, head 0, sec 2}.

	    6.  Halt the system.  Boot the NetBSD kernel copy floppy.  When it
	    	asks you to insert the floppy for the root file system, just 
	    	press enter without changing disks.

	    7.  Copy the kernel, and proceed with the rest of the installation 
	    	as per the instructions provided with NetBSD.  It should now 
	    	work because of the trickery with the partition table etc.

2.2.6	I am having trouble installing on the EIDE hard drive.  What are
	some of the things that I need to look into?
	
	Bradley W Mazurek (bwm260@skorpio3.usask.ca) writes:

	First, I had to change the IDE translation mode in my BIOS.  
	Rather than using LBA, I used Standard CHS.  When I went in 
	to repartition the disk for DOS, DOS reported that the drive 
	was only 523Mb (1023cyl, 64h, 63sec/tr), rather than the true 
	geometry (2100cyl, 64h, 63sec/tr) but I didn't worry about it. 

	Next I created my DOS partition.  I partitioned the disk so that 
	cylinders 1-999 were DOS.  That left cylinders 1000-1023 for 
	NetBSD.  Lots of room!  :)  Anyway, on a hunch, a friend and I 
	were hoping NetBSD didn't look at the ending cylinder entry 
	(1023) of the partition table.  Next I calculated the length 
	of the partition from 1000-2100, put this into the partition 
	table using the disk editor.  The numbers weren't consistent in 
	the partition table, but DOS ignored the Non-DOS partition, 
	NetBSD was happy...and we've (DOS, NetBSD and my remaining hair) 
	all lived happily ever after....

	[Ed.Note.  The partition table needs to correctly identify the
	NetBSD portion of the disk, regardless of whether or not DOS can
	handle it.  See the section on hard drive partitioning for more
	information...]

	My suggestion is to try to find an IDE translation mode in your 
	BIOS for which the number of heads and number of sectors per track 
	is consistent with the true geometry of your hard drive.  Then 
	perhaps this trick will work.

 	1. there is _different_ behavior, if one executes
<pre>
	    disklabel wd0                           or
	    disklabel /dev/wd0c                     or
	    disklabel /dev/wd0d
</pre>
    	It didn't get quite clear to me, what these differences are exactly.

 	2. Any disklabel write will change not only the data on disk, but
    	also some data-structures in core. For example, if one tries to 
	write a complete different disklabel to a complete different place, 
	say /dev/wd0h, there will be strangeness afterwards.  That means, 
	writing a disklabel and then reading it back, does not have to 
	mean that the write did succeed.  There is an option -r to 
	disklabel which is said to access the disk directly, but, as 
	I noticed, the core-data is updated thereby, too.

	The following paper explained to me what should happen in sequence 
	on boot: /usr/src/sys/arch/i386/boot/README.386BSD. It says (in 
	short):

	[...]

	1/ the BIOS loads the first block of the disk (called the Master 
	Boot Record or MBR) and if it has the correct magic numbers, jumps 
	into it:

	2/ The  MBR code, looks at the Partition table that is embedded 
	within it, to determine which is the partition to boot from. If 
	you are using the os-bs bootblocks (highly recommended) then it 
	will give you a menu to choose from.

	3/ The MBR will load the first record of the selected partition 
	and if it has (the same) magic numbers, jumps into it. In 386bsd 
	this is the first stage boot, (or boot1) it is represented in 
	/usr/mdec by wdboot, asboot and sdboot. If the disk has been set 
	up without DOS partitioning then this block will be at block zero, 
	and will have been loaded directly by the BIOS.

	4/ Boot1 will look at block0 (which might be itself if there are 
	no DOS partitions) and will find the 386bsd partition, and using 
	the information regarding the start position of that partition, 
	will load the next 13 sectors or so, to around 60000 
	(640k - 256k). and will jump into it at the appropriate entry 
	point. Since boot1 and boot2 were compiled together as one file 
	and then split later, boot1 knows the exact position within 
	boot2 of the entry point.

	Boot 1 also contains a compiled in DOS partition table (in case 
	it is at block 0), which contains a 386bsd partition starting at 
	0. This ensures that the same code can work whether or not boot1 
	is at block 0.

	[...]

2.2.7	My disk label is complaining about '256 heads' in the disklabel.
	This is obviously bogus, but it doesn't seem to be hurting anything.
	Is it Okay or should I fix it?

	Steve Gilbert (gilbert@cs.utk.edu) provided us with this answer:

        First, If you do a "fdisk wd1" (It may be wd1d, I don't
	remember what it wanted), it will list out the partition table
	for you.  This is something totally different from BSD's idea
	of a partition, mind you.  The last partition (#3) should be BSD.
	All of those figures are correct except for the "ending head" field
	which is set to 255 (thus, 256 heads).

	1. BACK UP EVERYTHING!

	2. fdisk -u wd1

        ...this will prompt you for the stuff you want to change.
        Remember, everything is correct except for the ending
        head.  Accept all the default values it gives you at first.
        You'll have to tell it that you want to explicitly define
        the beginning and ending values.

	3. My 420 MB Conner drive has 16 heads, so I just enter 15 as
	   the ending head number.

	4. When you are back out of fdisk, you can do another fdisk wd1
	   to make sure the values are correct.  Don't worry if you mess up,
	   you can always change it again.  Anything you didn't back up is
	   probably gone by now anyway :-)

	5. Reboot and watch NO error message pop up!

	...remember that all you want to do is fdisk the drive.  You do NOT
	want to run disklabel again or newfs the partitions again.  This will
	write the incorrect 256 crap back.  I did this three times before
	I finally got smart and did it right.


2.2.8	What are the options for the boot up prompt?

	The options are supposed to be as follows:

<pre>
	-s............... boot into single user mode
	-a............... ask the user what device to use as root
			  just before mounting it (Not presently supported)
	-d............... once you have the kernel loaded and VM and such up
			  and going, drop into the kernel debugger.
			  (great for debugging probe code)
</pre>

	A related question concerns the options on the 'reboot' program.
	These flags are as follows:
<pre>
	-a	Ask for a file name to reboot from
	-s	Reboot into single user mode
	-b	Don't reboot, just halt
	-r	Use compiled in Root device
	-c	Invoke the user configuration routines
	-d	Transfer control to the kernel debugger, if available
	-v	Print out all potentially important information
</pre>

	As with so many other things in the systems, each of these may
	(or may not) work for FreeBSD or NetBSD.  Your Mileage May Vary.

	One other note about 'reboot'.  There are some motherboards which
	do not reboot reliably.  Instead of rebooting, they simply hang.
	While this isn't a definitive answer, some folks have noticed
	that have the BIOS relocate option set seems to help them,
	especially with Micronics motherboards.  If you are having
	problems with your system not resetting after a reboot, try
	changing the setting on the BIOS relocation option.


2.2.9	I am having trouble installing WRT 'syslogd: bind: Can't assign 
	requested address' errors.  What are some of the things I should
	look at?  I also am having trouble with the network: 'starting 
	network ... ifconfig: localhost: badvalue'.

	This is caused by incorrect settings in /etc/netstart and/or
	/etc/hosts.

	In /etc/hosts, you must have a line that says:

<pre>
	127.0.0.1	localhost	localhost.{yourdomainhere}
</pre>

	Errors that will result if you don't do this: ifconfig will not
	be able to figure out what IP address goes with the name
	'localhost' and you'll get 'localhost: bad value.'

	In /etc/netstart, you must do:

<pre>
	    ifconfig lo0 localhost
	    route add {hostname} localhost
</pre>

	Errors that will result if you don't do this: the loopback
	device will not be properly configured and/or you will have no
	route to it. The result is that programs expecting to have
	networking enabled (including syslog and friends) will get
	horribly confused.

	*AND*, if you're not going to be directly connected to a
	network, you should change /etc/host.conf to say:

<pre>
	    hosts
	    bind
</pre>

	It's set up the other way around by default. I don't like it
	that way myself.

	Errors that can result if you don't do this: if you don't have
	a nameserver available to you, the resolver will have trouble 
	translating hostnames into IP addresses.  Bogosity levels will
	be off the scale. (Note also that if you do have access to a 
	nameserver, you need to set up /etc/resolv.conf to point to
	it.)  By changing the order, you'll be telling the resolver to
	check the host files for matches *first*, then roll over to the 
	nameserver (if any) if no match is found.

	Make sure that:

	- There are no typos in any of the three files mentioned above.
	- There are no bogus non-ASCII characters in the files
	mentioned above.
	- All three files have their read permission bits set.

	Lastly, be very careful with /etc/hosts.equiv. If you add a
	hostname to it, say 'otherhost.domain,' then root on
	otherhost.domain will be able to rsh/rlogin to your machine
	without a password.

	Once you have everything set correctly, you should be able to
	type 'telnet localhost' and establish a connection to yourself. 
	If you get an error such as 'localhost: unknown host' or
	'network unreachable' then you still have work to do.


2.2.10	When I start up my system, it hangs for three or four minutes
	during the 'netstart' program.  Our network nameserver is
	working OK, and I use it all the time; my resolv.conf file says
	to use the network nameserver.  Why would netstart have
	such problems using it?  

	When the system is starting, the nameserver hasn't started yet.
	If you are using any names that must be resolved, the system
	will attempt to get the names from the nameserver,  When that
	fails (three timeouts at one minute apiece) the name will be
	resolved from the /etc/hosts file (if the name is available).

	There are essentially two ways to solve the immediate problem.
	The first is to reduce the number of entries you have in your
	/etc/hosts file to the absolute minimum you need for booting and
	change the order for host resolution from 'bind file' to 'file
	bind'.  If you specify a name in any of your start up files and
	the name server isn't available, you will still have the hang,
	but this is only a small annoyance.

	The second (and generally more effective) way to deal with the
	problem is to use only numeric addresses  in your /etc/* files.
	This way, the resolver is never called upon to figure out the
	addresses and your boot-up will always 'just work'.  This is
	sometimes more time intensive to set up, since all of the names
	in the files need to be removed and replaced with numbers.
	"C'est la vie".


2.2.11	I am having trouble getting net aliases to work.  What could
	some of the problems be?

	There are many things which will cause network aliases to not
	work right.  Here are a few:

	-  Use "netmask 0xffffff00" (or whatever is appropriate) for the 
	   first IP address, and "netmask 0xffffffff" for all aliases that 
	   happen to be in the same (sub)net as the primary one.  The
	   reason this is right (no matter how odd it may seem) is you
	   have multiple interfaces referring to the same network.  You 
	   *have* to chose one of the various interface addresses as the 
	   "gateway" for outgoing packets into this network, you cannot 
	   have them going out through a dozen of addresses simultaneously.  
	   The netmask 0xffffffff prevents the kernel from considering this
	   IP address as a valid gateway (since it's not pointing to any 
	   network at all).

	The correct syntax in /etc/rc.local for declaring a net address 
	alias (assuming you are updating the eth0 interface) is:

<pre>
	    ifconfig eth0 xx.xx.xx.xx netmask 255.255.255.255 alias
	    route add -host xx.xx.xx.xx localhost
	    arp -s eth0 yy.yy.yy.yy.yy.yy proxy
</pre>

	Where the xx.xx.xx.xx are the host address for the alias and the
	yy.yy.yy.yy.yy.yy is the interface MAC address (if appropriate).


2.2.12	I'm having trouble with the networking code (specifically the
	PPP stuff to my ISP).  How can I debug NetBSD's networking?

	Bring the PPP connection up again.  Retry whatever-it-is that's 
	failing. 

	PPP includes a link-level checksum.  Watch the packet counts in 
	the netstat -I ppp? output over time. Check carefully to see 
	whether the PPP driver is recording input errors (frames whose 
	CRC failed.)  Frames with bad checksums are counted in Ierr 
	field.  A non-zero count indicates _something_, possibly 
	overruns, is in fact garbling your PPP traffic.  If the packets 
	are being discarded due to errors at the PPP level, they'll 
	never even get as far as IP.


	Also, use netstat (or an SNMP daemon and monitor, if you prefer) 
	to watch the rate of change of bad packets at the IP and TCP 
	level.  I run "netstat -p ip" "netstat -p tcp".  One has to 
	manually compute the rate of change; netstat's -i option means 
	something different to, say, vmstat's.   (Adding  periodic  
	sampling and rate-of-change to netstat would be a Cool Project.)

	At the IP level, the relevant statistics are
<pre>
            0 bad header checksums
            0 with size smaller than minimum
            0 with data size < data length
            0 with header length < data size
            0 with data length < header length
            0 with bad options
            0 with incorrect version number
	    [...]
            0 output packets dropped due to no bufs, etc.
</pre>

	At the TCP level,  look for, e.g.,

<pre>
            0 discarded for bad checksums
            0 discarded for bad header offset fields
            0 discarded because packet too short
</pre>

	Any of these being non-zero would support the hypothesis of a 
	bug in the PPP implementation.  Unlikely, but one never knows.

	It could be that a TCP ack got munged or dropped by your PPP 
	link; or possibly somewhere else in the Internet.  That's not 
	abnormal on busy links.

	What OS is your FTP peer running?  Is it a pre-2.0.0 Linux or an
	older version of a commercial Unix? If so, have you tried turning 
	off rfc1323 on your NetBSD machine??


2.2.13	I want to hard wire my SCSI devices to a particular device
	number.  Is that possible?
	
	You can do the numbering any way you please.  Say I had two 
	controllers.  You could number them as:

<pre>
	sd10	at scsibus0 target 0 lun ?
	sd11	at scsibus0 target 1 lun ?
	[...]
	sd20	at scsibus1 target 0 lun ?
	sd21	at scsibus1 target 1 lun ?
	[...]
</pre>

	Of course, you will need to add devices to the /dev/ directory
	for each of them, pointing to their correct major and minor
	numbers.

	You can also hardwire the 'scsibus' numbers, by doing something 
	like the following (assuming "whatever" is the SCSI host adapter 
	driver's name 8-):

	whatever0	at whateverbus? [whateverbus config info]
	scsibus0	at whatever0

	then

<pre>
	sd0	at scsibus0 target 0 lun 0
</pre>

	etc.


	That syntax won't work on ports which use 'old config,' but I 
	believe an appropriate description of how to do it on them has 
	already been posted.

	The most common configuration for locked down drive numbers is 
	actually:

<pre>
	sd0	at scsibus0 target 0 lun 0
	sd1	at scsibus0 target 1 lun 0
	sd*     at scsibus? target ? lun ?      # SCSI disk drives
</pre>

	You can do the same thing with your tapes, CDs, and other SCSI
	devices as well.

<pre>
	st0	at scsibus0 target 6 lun 0
	st*     at scsibus? target ? lun ?      # SCSI tape drives
	cd0     at scsibus? target 5 lun 0
	cd*     at scsibus? target ? lun ?      # SCSI CD-ROM drives
	etc.
</pre>


2.3	Common installation problems.

	There are many common installation problems.  This section covers
	the most basic and common of these problems.  In addition to this
	section, you should also read through the other sections of the
	FAQ, since many of the less common questions are answered in other
	places in the doc.

2.3.2	Endless reboot cycles.
	
	Another incarnation of this symptom is that the disk geometry on 
	your disk label (as installed by install) is different than the 
	geometry your hard drive controller thinks it is using.  This 
	will most often manifest itself on controllers that insist on 
	operating in some type of translation mode.  Normally the fix is to 
	find out what the controller geometry is and make the disk label 
	agree.  There are programs available to help with this problem.  


2.4	The computer just sits there, or 'that isn't right'.
	
	This class of problems is sometimes caused by an incorrect FTP of 
	the boot disk.  Make sure that the files were grabbed in 'binary' 
	mode and that the size reported back is 1244000 bytes.  Use the 
	Unix program 'dd' or the DOS program RAWRITE to put these files 
	onto the diskette.  In addition, this is the 'miscellaneous' 
	section of the FAQ.  These problems are included here because they
	are usually preceded by 'I just finished installing...' 

	Another incarnation of this problem is that, sometimes, the major
	or minor device numbers for a particular device may not get made
	correctly in the install (or upgrade) procedure.  If you have a
	problem where you can install and everything seems to go well
	until you try to boot onto the hard drive, try running the
	MAKEDEV script that resides in /dev.  More the file to see what
	kind of options you should include (if the sd0a drive needs to
	be fixed, for example, the command './MAKEDEV sd0' should get
	your devices back on the road.  If that doesn't work, try one of
	the many things below.  It could be any (or all) of them....


2.4.1	The boot disk works all right on one computer but not another. 

	This could be a problem with many different pieces, some of which
	are:

	- Misconfigured hardware.  The iomem, IRQ, and other board
	settings must match the ones listed in the INSTALL.NOTES.  
	Unfortunately, the INSTALL.NOTES are on the disk that will 
	not boot.  You can grab them via FTP from many archive sites.
	This installation file may have many names.  Look for something
	kind of obvious (like 'install.notes' or 'readme' or 
	'configuration guide') and you should find it.  Finally, there
	have been many reports (particularly with the BusLogic SCSI
	cards (specifically reported was the BT445C VLB host adapter) 
	where the system seems to boot up, but starts getting
	'stray interrupt c' messages.  This is usually caused by people
	having there SCSI card set up on some IRQ other than the one
	that the kernel expects.  The factory default for this card
	seems to be IRQ 12, but the kernel wants the card at IRQ 11.
	Setting the card (using the configuration program supplied)
	changes the setting so that it matches the kernel and the card
	then works.

	- Unsupported hardware.  There are several SCSI controllers on the 
	market that are not fully supported by 386bsd.  This is due in
	large part to the way these controllers work.  Instead of using
	a standard interface and command set for the controllers, most
	manufacturers make up their own controller interface language,
	which is then translated into SCSI commands which are
	interpreted by the drives. 

	- One or more of the devices in the /dev directory on the
	intended root partition was either not created correctly or was
	not created at all.  Run the program MAKEDEV in the /dev/ directory
	to ensure that all of the correct devices are built.

	
2.4.2	Really strange errors in the various *BSD flavors.

2.4.2.2	Using the new code in NetBSD, I get a "panic: pdti 206067" in 
	pmap_enter().  What should I do?

	Increase NKPDE in /sys/i386/include/pmap.h. The largest it should 
	be 31; see question 3.2.8.1 for other useful values.  Be sure to 
	keep the changes around as a patch file, since this is one of the 
	files that will get overwritten during a source code update. 
	Note that in the versions of NetBSD newer than 1.2.1, this value 
	is computed, so you won't need to change it.


2.4.3a	I get the error "isr 15 and error: isr 17" on an NE2000 card.
2.4.3b	I have some card on IRQ2 and it doesn't work; why?
2.4.3c	I am getting lousy performance out of my network card.  What are 
	    some of the other possibilities?
	
	The description of this problem is that one of the cards in your 
	system (most likely the VGA card) is either generating interrupts 
	or is causing the IRQ 2 to be actively disabled.  Older VGA card 
	used IRQ 2 during vertical retrace to prevent sparklies.

	One solution would be to plan on not using your Ethernet card
	(or any other card you want on IRQ 2) until you have rebuilt
	the kernel so that it expects it at an interrupt other than 
	IRQ 2 or 9, re-jumper or reconfigure the card to match the IRQ 
	you have selected, and enable it.  
	
	From time to time, this problem will manifest itself as a general
	tendency of the network card to transfer either very sporadically
	or very slowly. It is precisely the same problem.

	James Van Artsdalen (james@bigtex.cactus.org) has offered at
	least one solution:
	
	    If this is the problem, you can use Scotch tape to cover
	    the IRQ 2 signal on the VGA's ISA connector.
	
	There has been some discussion as to whether scotch tape is really 
	appropriate inside a card slot.  My answer would be "yes".  This is 
	because the alternate solution of cutting the trace on the video 
	board seems, to my mind, to reduce the value of the board.  It is 
	possible that, in the future, with a bi-partite driver, you would 
	want to catch the retrace interrupt to get rid of "sparklies" or to 
	implement a driver for a very high resolution monitor for X.  If 
	this happens, given a choice between alcohol and solder, I vote for 
	alcohol.

	One other thing to look for (if your video card seems to be the
	culprit) is a jumper which enables or disables the card's IRQ 2. 
	Newer cards may have a jumper of switch which does this, so take
	the time and look for it before you get the razor blade out.
	
	Either way, you will probably find that your VGA card uses IRQ 2
	strictly for compatibility with older cards.  With the advent of
	dual-ported memory for video cards, virtually all of these types
	of problems have disappeared.


2.4.4	What is the difference between IRQ2 and IRQ9?  Are they really
	the same, or are they really different?  

	On the XT, there was one interrupt controller, an Intel 8259, which
	handled 8 interrupts numbered IRQ0 through IRQ7.  IRQs 2 through 7
	were accessible via bus lines IRQ2 through IRQ7.

	The AT had two interrupt controllers.  Due to the design of the 
	8259, one has to be the master and the rest (up to 8) must be 
	slaves.  Each slave controller output its interrupt request to 
	and input on the master controller.  In the case of the AT, the
	master controller handles IRQ0 through IRQ7.  The slave handles
	IRQ8 through IRQ15.  The interrupt request from the slave to the
	master goes through IRQ2, which is termed the cascase input.
	IRQ2 was chosen to allow future compatabilty with the old XT
	hardware; it was the first IRQ that was 'available'.

	This means. of course, that the bus line for IRQ2 could no longer
	be used for external interrupts.  Instead, the bus line that WAS
	IRQ2 in the XT became IRQ9 on the AT.  This whole issue is 
	confused further by the fact that some vendors refer to this
	external interrupt as IRQ2, while others refer to it as IRQ9.  In
	either case, if you are talking about an external interrupt, it
	means the same thing.

	BTW, IRQ8 is used for the Real Time Clock, and does not have an
	external interrupt.  Here is a map, in case anyone still needs it:

<pre>
		Internal	External	Function
		IRQ0		n/a		Refresh/Timer
		IRQ1		n/a		Keyboard
		IRQ2		n/a (AT only)	Cascade Input to Master
		IRQ3		IRQ3		Free (Com port)
		IRQ4		IRQ4		Free (Com port)
		IRQ5		IRQ5		Free 
		IRQ6		IRQ6		Floppy Controller
		IRQ7		IRQ7		Free (Printer/Sound Card*)
		IRQ8		n/a		Real Time Clock
		IRQ9		IRQ2		Free (Network card)
		IRQ10		IRQ10		Free
</pre>

		etc.
	* NOTE:  The IRQ7 entry is spooky.  If you use the Interruptless
	printer driver (either from 386bsd, NetBSD, or FreeBSD) then you
	can still have an interrupting device (like a sound card) on
	interrupt 7.  Basically, you can as many devices on each IRQ as
	you want, but only one of them can be 'actively' interrupting.


2.4.5	Some of my SCSI devices (like a tape drive) don't work; why?
	
	Even with the newer systems, you run the risk of having a 
	problem with a SCSI device from time to time.  There are some
	cards (like the new Adaptec 27* series) that software drivers 
	are either not in the works or the documentation is simply
	unavailable.  Another culprit here is that some machines are
	very touchy about the quality and length of cables, as well 
	as SCSI IDs.  There was one report of a older hard drive that
	took a little longer to spin up than the rest of the drives
	in the chain.  Whenever this drive was put early in the ID
	string (like 1 or 2) it would be 'not found' but if it was
	placed near the end (like after the tape drive) it would have
	spun up and been found.


2.4.6	I want to use the Adaptec 1542C SCSI controller.  What are the 
	problems/tricks you need to know to get it working?

	The first thing to check when trying to use the 1542C is the setting 
	of 'Enable Disconnection' under the 'SCSI Device Configuration' 
	menu.  It should be set to YES for all devices, as the manual warns 
	you. 

	Matthias Urlichs (urlichs@smurf.ira.uka.de) has provided this 
	description of the types of things that can cause problems for the
	controller and devices attached to it.
	
	The problem is that the Adaptec 1542C has (a) rather powerful line 
	drivers, and (b) is sensitive to transient signals which can be 
	induced by them via either a bad cable or a bad external terminator.

	A bad cable is almost any cable which doesn't meet SCSI-2 specs.

	A bad external terminator is one which doesn't adequately buffer 
	its resistor network.

	So...

	- Remove the internal terminator from the last drive in your chain. 
	  Replace with an active SCSI-2 external terminator.  Side 
	  improvement: active terminators consume a bit less power.

	- Check cables.  Specifically, some cables carry less than the 
	  nominal 50 signal wires. Manufacturers sometimes think they can 
	  get away with this because almost all odd-numbered pins are GROUND 
	  anyway. So, if pins 1 and 3 or 3 and 5 are connected, you're 
	  likely to have a marginal cable.

	- Make sure that the terminator power is supplied by all devices 
	  and that the power pin is actually connected on your cable. The 
	  problem here is that some idiot device manufacturers save on 
	  2-cent diodes, which means that the thing will pull terminator 
	  power to ground if it's not plugged in.  (Two of these on one 
	  bus are even worse.)

	- Consider creating your own cabling. Take a 50-wire flat ribbon 
	  and press the appropriate connectors onto it in precisely the 
	  right places. (Move your devices as to minimize cable length.) 
	  Be aware that if a device has two external connectors, you must 
	  take the SCSI bus in at one connector and out at the other 
	  -- don't leave the other connector dangling; this isn't within 
	  the SCSI specs because the cable usually is too long.

	- Better but more expensive: use 2-twisted cable. (I.e., wires 1&2 
	  are twisted around each other, wire 3&4, ...) This will improve 
	  reliability because the wires are twisted at different rates. 
	  These cables have short non-twisted segments every 50 cm (1.5') 
	  so that you can press on your connectors instead of heating up 
	  that soldering iron.

	- While you're rebuilding your system anyway...: If you have more 
	  than one drive per power supply, check if these drives have 
	  adequate condensors to buffer their power.  I have two 80-MB 
	  Seagates which refused to work more than a few hours without 
	  glitches -- then I soldered two 10-uF Tantals onto their power 
	  connector and they've been flawless ever since.

	The terminator power is pin 26. Be aware that SCSI counts pins as 
	they appear on a ribbon cable, not as they're sometimes numbered 
	on the connectors.  Pin 25 is supposed to be disconnected.


2.4.7	Is there a SCSI utility which works to fix up the random
	problems I sometimes have with my drives?

	That depends on the problem.  One of the first things you can
	try is Ian Dell's (Ian.Dell@dsto.defence.gov.au) SCSI Disk
	Doctor (sdd) package.  There are NetBSD i386 and Sparc
	executables on ftp://ftp.mono.org/pub/sdd.  FreeBSD uses a
	couple of utilities which come with the system (scsi and
	scsireprobe) to accomplish some of the same operations.  Try one
	of those (obviously based on your system type) and see if they
	don't fix your problem.  If they don't, then the prospects are
	pretty grim for your drive.


2.4.8	My system boots OK off the floppy, but once I try to boot from
	the hard drive, the message "changing root device to sd0a"
	appears and the system hangs.  What is the most likely thing 
	that I have done wrong?

	A common cause for this is when all of the right devices aren't 
	created on the root partition.  Since you say you can boot off 
	of a floppy, do so and check to make sure everything in /dev 
	exists.  You might consider running "MAKEDEV all" to be sure 
	everything is created.

	(Ed.Note: I find that whenever I create a new kernel, it isn't a
	'bad' idea to run a precautionary MAKEDEV to make sure that the
	devices are created correctly.  Since I only build a new kernel
	about once a month, it isn't a very costly insurance policy.)

	Also, there are known problems with IRQ configurations and the
	PCI bus.  The system hanging right after the changing root device 
	message usually indicates a misconfigured IRQ for the controller.  
	The initial probes by most (all?) drivers are done in polled mode, 
	only when mounting the disk for real does the kernel begin to do 
	interrupt driven I/O and DMA.

	Is this system a PCI system?  Is the SCSI controller a PCI board?
	If so, make sure the IRQ configured in the PCI BIOS matches the
	IRQ configured for the card.

	Also, with PCI, forgetting to enable the slot for "master" in the 
	BIOS setup or motherboard jumpers or putting a bus mastering card 
	in a slave only slot will give similar symptoms.  The system may not 
	have problems under DOS because some SCSI BIOS or device drivers 
	don't actually use the DMA or bus mastering features of the 
	card... {sigh}, they run in PIO mode under DOS.


2.5	Other common problems that are attributed to the installation
	process but are caused other places.

2.5.1	I want to use more than 16 Megabytes of memory.  Will any of the 
	BSD based systems support it?

	When using NetBSD and FreeBSD, there is no SOFTWARE limitation on 
	more than 16Meg of memory.  There are still hardware limitations.
	The limit is caused by DMA controllers which copy memory images
	around the system.  Many cards which people use in VESA and EISA
	machines either emulate ISA cards (in order to work with *BSD) or
	are really ISA cards.  There are reports of people having trouble 
	with more than 64Meg of memory, but anyone rich enough to have
	that kind of memory should be paying for his OS. :-)

	Recently some folks have been reporting that they are getting 
	warnings like these:

<pre>
	    hostname /netbsd: sd0: not queued
	    hostname /netbsd: aha0: DMA beyond end of ISA
	    hostname /netbsd: sd0: not queued aha0: DMA beyond end of ISA
</pre>

	This error is caused when the buffer for I/O is beyond the address
	range that the ISA bus can reach.  With 16M you should be okay,
	however, some motherboards do reclaim all or part of the "lost" 
	384K (from the I/O "hole" from A0000-FFFFF) and put it just beyond 
	the end of the rest of the memory, so you actually get 16M plus a
	little bit.

	One fix is bounce buffers.  FreeBSD has implemented this, and NetBSD
	will as soon as they come up with a method that is compatible with 
	all of the machines that NetBSD supports.  

	Another fix is to either turn off the reclaiming of the extra memory 
	(most motherboards that do this allow you to disable it), hack 
	machdep.c to force the physical memory used to 16M, or use a 32 bit 
	bus (EISA, VLB, or PCI) controller.

	Jordan K Hubbard (jkh@thrush.lotus.com) has provided this 
	explanation of the distinction:

	Just so long as you're using a DMA-using disk controller in EISA 
	mode, rather than ISA mode, you can use more than 16 Meg of memory.

	For those who may find such a distinction confusing, let me explain:

	You can use an ISA controller (such as an Adaptec 1542) in an EISA
	machine, but as it will still think it's in an ISA box and refuse to
	use the extra address lines, this is no different than having an
	ISA machine as far as >16MB is concerned.

	You can use an EISA controller in "ISA mode", meaning it uses the
	older protocols for compatibility reasons (examples being Adaptec 
	1742 in "standard" mode, DTC 3290 in "Adaptec" mode, etc.) and 
	again, does not use the extra address lines.

	The only way to get full EISA, 32MB-of-memory-and-everything, mode 
	is to use an EISA controller in full EISA mode (for Adaptec 1742, 
	this is "enhanced" mode, for DTC 3290 it's "DTC" mode, the 
	Ultrastor 24F in EISA (rather than IDE emulation) mode, etc.).

	- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

	In addition, several other types of ISA controllers which do NOT
	use DMA will not cause problems.  IDE, ESDI, and RLL controllers
	are examples of this type of card.  The discussion above also applies
	to VESA and VLB cards. 

	So, the bottom line is that you are limited to the amount of memory
	that your DMA equipped devices can access.  Once again, the weakest
	link is the strength of your machine.


2.5.2	I tried to use a device in my computer that should be there.  When 
	I did, I got a "Device not configured error."  What do I do now?

	Garrett A. Wollman (wollman@emba.uvm.edu) provides us with this
	brief discussion in answer to a specific question.  It wears well
	as a generic answer as well.

	When any program tells you ``Device not configured'', it's trying 
	to tell you something very important about what you tried to do:
	namely, that the device you tried to access is not configured 
	into the running operating system.  This is the error message 
	corresponding to ENXIO.

	There are three major causes for this error:

	1) The kind of device you requested was not configured into the
	   system.  This is R.W.'s problem; the generic kernels 
	   are not distributed with the Berkeley Packet Filter enabled by 
	   default.  To correct this, you must add the appropriate device or
	   pseudo-device to your kernel configuration file and recompile.  
	   (In this particular case, `pseudo-device bpfilter
	   number-of-network-interfaces'.)

	2) The kind of device you requested was configured into the system,
	   but either the device you requested would use more than the
	   maximum you configured into the system, or if a physical device,
	   was not found during autoconfiguration.  To solve this, either
	   change your configuration file, or change the I/O settings on the
	   device to match what the file says.

	3) The major or minor device number specified by the device's
	   entry(ies) in /dev is incorrect.  To solve this, re-MAKEDEV the
	   device (read the MAKEDEV script for more details).  Hopefully
	   whatever change caused the kernel's internal device tables to get
	   changed also updated your MAKEDEV script; otherwise, you will have
	   to grovel through the kernel to see what is going on.

	4) A special case:  Although the 'c' drive on most BSD disks is
	   the entire disk, in many NetBSD and FreeBSD systems, the
	   entire drive is the 'd' disk.  This special case is wired
	   into many programs, and is recognized by the kernel.  From
	   time to time, folks will try and access the 'c' partition on
	   their harddrive, only to be rebuffed with a 'device not
	   configured' error.  Mostly, the 'c' partition is unavailable
	   simply because the partition type is 'unused' even though it
	   is allocated and has space set aside for it.

2.6	Customizing the system to meet my needs.
2.6.1	How do I get the system to not display the machine name, but
	display our company name?

	Modify the /etc/gettytab file so the default profile uses this:

<pre>
	:im=\r\n  Company Name (%t)\r\n\n:\
</pre>


2.6.2	I have a program that, under normal circumstances, starts once a
	second.  This regularly causes inetd to terminate the program
	with a 'server failing (looping), service terminated' error.
	How do I fix this?

	The inetd program has a 40 start per minute limit for all
	programs started out of inetd.conf.  You need to add a 'max
	starts' option on the end of your 'wait' or 'nowait' option.
	For example, try 'nowait.100' if you expect the program to start
	90 times a minute.

-- 
Dave Burgess                   Network Engineer - Nebraska On-Ramp, Inc.
*bsd FAQ Maintainer / SysAdmin for the NetBSD system in my spare bedroom
"Just because something is stupid doesn't mean there isn't someone that 
doesn't want to do it...."


From burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com Sun Sep 28 14:17:09 1997
Date: 13 Sep 1997 02:00:12 -0500
From: Dave Burgess <burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com>
Newsgroups: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.announce, comp.unix.bsd.freebsd.announce,
    comp.answers, news.answers, comp.unix.openbsd.announce
Subject: [comp.unix.bsd] NetBSD, FreeBSD, and OpenBSD FAQ (Part 4 of 10)
Followup-To: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.misc

Posted-By: auto-faq 3.1.1.2
Archive-name: 386bsd-faq/part4

Section 3.	(Kernel Building and Maintenance)

3.0	System Internals
	
	One of the interesting aspects of *BSD is the fact that it comes 
	with the complete source.  This allows you to make changes to the 
	system, recompile, and test out your new ideas.  This section of 
	the FAQ describes many of the different aspects of this endeavor 
	and common problems and pitfalls that are encountered.  Kevin Lahey 
	provided the substantial portion of this section.  You can contact 
	him via E-Mail at (kml@rokkaku.atl.ga.us) or contact Dave Burgess 
	(burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com).

3.1	Kernel

3.1.1	How do I build a kernel?

	The kernel can be compiled in a variety of ways to support different 
	devices and configurations.  Compilation is controlled by a config 
	file that specifies the characteristics of the kernel.  A set of 
	different config files is located in /sys/i386/conf or 
	/sys/arch/i386/conf.  The configuration file names are in upper case.

	To build a particular kernel (in this example, we use the GENERICISA
	configuration file in NetBSD or FreeBSD):

	% cd /sys/i386/conf
	% config GENERICISA
	% cd /sys/compile/GENERICISA
	% make depend
	% make

	In NetBSD, since there are multiple architectures supported, there
	is an architecture line in the middle of the path to these files.
	See the build.kernel script in section 3.8 for more information.

	Remember, when structures in the kernel change, there are some
	programs (ps, top, etc.) that will cease to work correctly.  You
	will need to recompile these programs as well as the new kernel.
	You need to do the following to make sure that your programs get
	updated as well as the kernel:

	cd /usr/src/include
	make install
	cd /usr/src/lib/libkvm
	make clean && make && make install
	cd /usr/src/bin/ps
	make clean && make && make install
	cd /usr/src/...
	

3.1.1.1 Why does the kernel code for NetBSD still use the old K&R style
	declarations when the ANSI declarations are SO much better?
3.1.1.2	How do I port NetBSD to another platform?

	We still use the old style K&R definitions easier, because 
	bringing up a new port on a foreign machine with a brain-damaged 
	compiler can be impossible, or at least very difficult,
	if you don't do it this way.  Remember, NetBSD is multi-platform, 
	and tries to make it as easy as possible to port.  Which means 
	building pieces of the system with someone else's compiler.


3.1.2	I want to do one of the following things:
	* add a device not in the distributed kernel (third com
	  port, additional disk or tape, line printer driver, etc).
	* use a patch from the net or the patchkit to fix a kernel bug.
	* add another swap device.
	* recompile the kernel to remove extraneous devices so that
	  it takes up less space.
	* configure more pseudo-terminals to allow for more xterms
	  or network logins.
	
	You're going to have to recompile the kernel after you modify the 
	config file.  See section 3.2 below for more information about the 
	config file in general.
	

3.1.3	I want to build and profile a kernel.  What do I need to do?

	Step 1 is to build a profiled kernel:

		cd /sys/arch/<X>/conf
		config -p CONFIG.FILE.OF.YOUR.CHOICE
		cd /sys/arch/<X>/compile/CONFIG.FILE.OF.YOUR.CHOICE
		make depend
		make
		<install the kernel and reboot>

	Step 2 is to start the profiling process:

		log in
		su to root
		kgmon -r -h
		kgmon -b

	Step 3 is to run the application in question

	Step 4 is to stop the profile:

		kgmon -h
		kgmon -p  (this produces the gmon.out file, which is the
				profiles kernel information)

	Step 5 is to analyze the output:

		gprof /{kernel name} gmon.out > profile

	which produces a hierarchical call graph as well as flat
	profile.  The flat profile is easiest to use for beginners,
	although both are good information sources for kernel code
	performance.

	
3.1.4	Now that I have a kernel, how do I install it?

	Your kernel is called /kernel or /netbsd.  Copy the new kernel
	from /sys/compile/GENERICISA/(whatever) to /, assuming that it 
	is in that directory.  If you really screw up the new kernel, 
	you want to have something to fall back on, so be sure to 
	save /kernel to /kernel.old before copying in a new kernel.  


3.1.5	My system is complaining about stray interrupt 7.  Is my machine 
	going to explode or anything?

	No.  They are caused by lots of things.  They are, as far as
	anyone that should be expected to know about this stuff, harmless.
	There are ramifications on them being there, but for MOST users
	they do not pose a real threat to your operations.  For those of
	you that are doing REALLY interrupt intensive stuff, you may want
	to grab a technical reference and figure out why the 8259 is not
	getting reset correctly.

	In spite of the number of times this has come up (and people have
	even referenced this section) there are still at least two 
	questions on the net about this.  A memorable one was a guy who
	was just vehement that the stray int 7 was what was keeping his
	system from booting.  In fact, he went so far as to say that this
	document was practically worthless because I didn't tell him how
	to fix it.  Of course, once he configured his hard drive controller 
	so that it was on the right interrupt, his booting problem went 
	away.  I have said it before and I will say it again.  For MOST 
	users they do not pose a real threat to your operations.
	I have heard of three people (out of at least 2000) that have
	actually have problems so bad that they couldn't proceed.  They
	bought new computers, and the problem went away.

	These stray interrupts are caused by something in the PC.  
	I have yet to see a convincing explanation of precisely what,
	but they are definitely caused by something.  There are four
	ways to deal with this problem.

	1)  Ignore them.  They are spurious and do not effect the
	operation of your computer.

	2)  Implement the lpt driver.  This way, the driver traps 
	(the lpt driver expects IRQ 7) and then quietly discards them.  
	That is why when folks implement the lpt driver the 'problem' 
	goes away.  The computer is taught how to ignore them.

	3)  Do what the original 386bsd code did.  Comment out the
	diagnostic and associated code that tries to deal with them so
	you don't see the error message.

	4)  Buy a new computer that doesn't cause this problem.   It is a
	known hardware problem with the 8259 being reset incorrectly in
	hardware.

	Kalevi Suominen (jks@geom.helsinki.fi) offers this technical
	explanation of the 'stray interrupt 7' phenomenon.

	In the section of the Intel Peripheral Handbook dealing with
	the 8259A there is a description of the 6-step interrupt
	sequence for an 80x86 system (and 7-step for an MCS-80/85),
	and then the following paragraph:

	"If no interrupt request is present at step 4 of either sequence
	(i.e., the request was too short in duration) the 8259A will
	issue an interrupt level 7. Both the vectoring bytes and the CAS
	lines will look like an interrupt level 7 was requested."

	This explains how some transient disturbances or improperly
	functioning adapter cards could trigger a stray interrupt 7
	in a system operating in the *level* interrupt mode (such as
	a PS/2 with MCA): An interrupt request will disappear as soon
	as the interrupt line goes inactive.

	That such interrupts may also occur in a system operating in
	the *edge* triggered mode (such as an ordinary PC/AT with ISA)
	is a little harder to see. Yet it is possible - even without
	malfunctioning hardware - because masking an interrupt request
	will hide its presence from the 8259A as well:


	    1. The interrupt flag (IF) of the 80x86 is reset either 
	    directly (e.g., by a "cli" instruction) or because an 
	    interrupt handler is entered. In the latter case the 
	    corresponding in-service (IS) bit of the 8259A is set 
	    (effectively blocking interrupts of lower priority).

	    2. The 8259A receives an unmasked interrupt request (IRQn), 
	    and, in case an interrupt is being served and has higher 
	    priority than IRQn, the IS bit of the 8259A is reset by 
	    an end of interrupt (EOI) command. (These steps may occur 
	    in either order.) If IRQn has higher priority (e.g. IRQ0), 
	    no EOI is necessary.

	    3. The 8259A activates the interrupt (INT) line to the 80x86
   	    (which will ignore it - for the moment).

	    4. The interrupt mask (IM) bit of the 8259A for IRQn is set.
	    (A little late, though. The sequence has already started.)

	    5. The interrupt flag (IF) of the 80x86 is set (either 
	    directly, or as a consequence of e.g. an "iret" instruction).

	    6. The 80x86 will now acknowledge the INT request by activating
   	    the INTA line of the 8259A.

	    7. The 8259A will not see the masked IRQn and will continue
   	    by issuing a spurious interrupt of level 7 instead.


	The original interrupt request (IRQn) will not be lost, however.
	It is preserved by the associated edge sense latch of the 8259A,
	and will be acted on after the IM bit has been reset again.

	The net result is that a single interrupt request will be
	delivered *twice* to the 80x86: first as a stray interrupt 7
	and later as the proper interrupt. In particular, it is perfectly
	safe to ignore the stray interrupt (other than sending an EOI).
	It is just the ghost of an aborted interrupt sequence: the system
	was not prepared for it yet.

	Bill Roman provides this update, which is so technical I can't
	even figure out what to cut out or how to repackage it so it
	makes sense to people like me.  As an interesting aside, he is
	also a Linux user; thereby proving that I'll accept help the FAQ
	from everyone:

	First of all, Kalevi Suominen's explanation is correct, but 
	requires just a little more explanation.  Step 4 in the data 
	book concerns the 8259's detection of INTA (interrupt 
	acknowledge) asserted by the processor.  This means that the 
	processor has detected INT (interrupt request) asserted by the 
	8259, the previous instruction has ended, and the interrupt 
	enable flag is true.  The processor has begun its interrupt 
	processing, and the 8259 *must* supply a vector; there is no way 
	for it to tell the processor "never mind".

	INTA causes the 8259 to examine the currently asserted interrupt 
	requests and return the vector corresponding to the highest 
	current request.  If there is no longer any interrupt request 
	asserted, it supplies vector 7 as a default.  (Intel calls this 
	"DEFAULT IR7" later in the data book.)

	There is thus a race condition between deassertion of an interrupt 
	request and interrupt servicing by the processor.  An interrupt 
	request which is removed will not always cause DEFAULT IR7 -- 
	only if the request is deasserted after the processor has 
	detected INT and irrevocably decided to act on it, but before 
	the 8259 has detected INTA and prioritized its interrupts.

	It is easy to see how this could happen when the 8259 is in 
	level triggered mode, but it is counterintuitive that it should 
	happen in edge triggered mode.  To understand this, it is 
	necessary to look at Intel's "Priority Cell--Simplified Logic 
	Diagram" (figure 9 in a 1991 databook I have at hand).  The edge 
	sense latch output is gated by the request; if the request is 
	latched, then deasserted, the 8259 no longer sees it.  There 
	must be a reason Intel did it this way, but it's sure not 
	evident to me.

	The data book provides a little more information in a later 
	section titled "Edge and Level Triggered Modes".  The most 
	important point is that the corresponding bit in the In Service 
	Register is *not* set when the 8259 generates a DEFAULT IR7.  If 
	the IRQ 7 interrupt service routine sees this condition (i.e., 
	is entered and ISR bit 7 is zero) it should simply execute an 
	interrupt return instruction without sending an End of 
	Interrupt (EOI) command to the 8259.  Also, the IRQ 7 interrupt 
	service routine can be reentered due to this condition.  Intel 
	recommends that the interrupt service routine keep track of 
	whether it is currently active so this can be detected.

	I don't think that changing the interrupt mask bit can cause the 
	problem, especially if it is changed while the interrupt flag is 
	clear.  As I mentioned, the problem occurs only when the actual 
	interrupt acknowledge process has begun, which can't happen while 
	IF is clear.

	What can generate DEFAULT IR7 is a device driver that doesn't mask 
	off its device's interrupt (either in the 8259 or in the device 
	itself) while it is performing operations which can cause the 
	device to deassert its interrupt request.  For example: imagine 
	a hypothetical device with an interrupt status register.  This 
	register latches all the device's status which could cause an 
	interrupt, and clears this status when it is read.  If the 
	processor begins executing the instruction which reads this 
	register just as a status bit is set, the device will assert 
	and deassert the request within the space of that instruction.  
	On an x86 architecture processor I have worked with, this did 
	indeed generate a DEFAULT IR7.  All device drivers should make 
	sure that the device's interrupt request is disabled while the 
	device is being serviced.  A well-behaved device will never 
	deassert its request without explicit software action.

	This leaves only the poor folks who have had to buy new computers 
	to get rid of the problem.  My suspicion in this case is that 
	crosstalk on the mainboard is causing glitches on interrupt 
	request lines.  Remember that the f**king wizards at IBM made 
	the request lines active high instead of active low with a 
	pull-up (which would have allowed wire-or interrupt sharing).  
	Some devices (some serial port cards, I believe) use a 
	tri-state driver to drive the request high, but disable the 
	driver entirely when the request is deasserted, counting on a 
	weak pull-down.  This leaves interrupt request lines floating, 
	although the 8259 has the inputs enabled.  This is all 
	conjecture, though.  

	Provided by: Bill Roman  (roman@songdog.eskimo.com)


3.1.6	I keep getting "wd0c: extra interrupt".  What does it mean?

	It means that the drive was already processing a command 
	(active) when it received an interrupt from the system telling 
	it to see if it had anything to do.  This is mostly harmless 
	but could indicate that the drive/controller is having problems 
	if the message appears often.

	
3.1.7	I keep getting silo overflow messages, but the system doesn't
	seem to mind.  Is there a problem?

	Not exactly.  This simply means that the First in first out
	buffer is getting too full.  I markedly reduced the incidence 
	of silo overflows on my system by editing dev/isa/com.c to 
	change the FIFO threshold from 8 to 4 characters.  This way, the
	buffer gets more attention and reduces the chance of overflowing
	the buffer.

	Another possibility is caused when you are using internet over 
	a telephone line via SLIP or PPP.  You might have an unbuffered
	UART on your serial port, like the 8250 or the 16450. With the
	introduction of the IBM PS/2 systems the first 16550 UART's were
	shipped to provide a 16 byte buffer. But unfortunately the buffering
	of the original 16550 did not work. The problem was solved with
	the improved 16550A UART. If you run MSD (under MSDOS!), an
	application that comes with MS-Windows, you can determine the UART
	type of your serial ports (by choosing COMS). The UART type is also
	showed when your UNIX boots up.
	
	To solve the `silo overflow' problem you can by a Multi/IO card 
	with a `real' 16550A, or a card with an extra serial port, like 
	the HAYES ESP card. The Hayes card has a DOSSETUP utility to 
	configure its port address and IRQ. The port address can be 
	chosen between 180H and 380H, the IRQ address 3, 4, 5 or 9. 
	Normally COM1 (tty00) and COM2 (tty01) claim IRQ 3 and 4. So
	you can choose (for example) IRQ 9 for the Hayes ESP card.  
	Then you have to add the appropriate lines in your kernel 
	configuration:

   	    options COM_HAYESP
   
   	    device		com0	at isa? port "IO_COM1" irq 4
   	    device		com1	at isa? port "IO_COM2" irq 3
   	    # com2: Hayes ESP serial port
   	    device		com2    at isa? port "IO_COM3" irq 9
   
	For more information on com ports in general, try this URL:

	    http://comminfo.com/pages/ctsfaq01.htm#q6.


3.1.8	I found a bug in the kernel.  How do I report it?

	Both NetBSD and FreeBSD include a facility called 'bugfiler'.  
	While the instructions are included in both system, there is 
	still some apparent confusion about when to use (and when to
	NOT use) bugfiler.

	Jordan K. Hubbard (jkh@whisker.lotus.ie)  provides us with this
	short article for FreeBSD.

	To send bug reports, you want to use the sendbug(1) command.
	The entire package for sending and filing these bugs is known 
	as "the bugfiler", which is where the confusion stepped in, 
	but sendbug is definitely the command you want to use.

	Second, it doesn't take a "net connection" to use sendbug, 
	since all it does is package up your "bug report form" and mail 
	it to us; no direct Internet connectivity is required, just mail.

	So if you can send Internet mail you can use sendbug, or you can 
	also send mail to the `FreeBSD-bugs@freefall.cdrom.com' address 
	(do NOT send it to FreeBSD.cdrom.com since it will BOUNCE, this 
	is not the place to send bugs to, just to ftp stuff from!).

	NetBSD has a similar facility, but has a different program and
	host for bug reports.  The program for NetBSD is called send-pr
	and is slightly different in several respects.  It is part of
	the GNATS system, which the NetBSD core developers started using
	in February of 1994.  It is recommended that NetBSD users see the 
	man page on send-pr before filing bug reports.

	For getting information from GNATS, see the file doc/BUGS.

	There is a email interface to the NetBSD PR database.  To query 
	the database send mail to "query-pr@gnats.netbsd.org".  The mail 
	server will send a bug database listing back to the user.

	There are several flags that are useful to send to the mail server.
	The flags are entered in the "Subject" line:
	  --summary	Display an one-line entry for each bug
	  --full 	Display the full entry for each bug	
	  --help	Display a help string containing the rest of the flags.
	  PR		The Problem Report number of a particular bug

	For example, to send a query about all the bugs:
	  $ Mail -s "--summary" query-pr@gnats.netbsd.org < /dev/null

	If you want to know more about a particular bug, let's say bug 40:
	  $ Mail -s "--full 40" query-pr@gnats.netbsd.org < /dev/null


	John Conklin is trying to get a page set up at the NetBSD WWW site
	(www.netbsd.org) that will allow people to interactively query the 
	bug database.  It should be operational soon.


3.2	What exactly is this config file, anyway?  What are all of these 
	cryptic notations?

	The config file is the list of all of the optional (and settings
	for the mandatory) parts of the kernel.  If the system is made
	up of static object files which don't change, then all you
	should ever need to do is modify the config file, reconfigure
	the kernel objects, and relink.  Since both NetBSD and FreeBSD
	are distributed with source, these files are recompiled and a
	kernel is constructed.  Some of these have been deprecated, and
	may not be in use for a particular version of the system
	(i.e. ISO9660 and CD9660 are the same, CD9660 being the newer
	version). 
	

3.2.1	Okay, fine.  Why shouldn't I just add every device I can find to
	the kernel, so I'll never have to recompile this again?

	Because it takes up space.  The kernel is wired into memory, so 
	every byte it uses comes out of the pool of memory for everything 
	else.  It can't page out sections that aren't in use.  If your 
	kernel is larger than 640K, then it can't be loaded.  You'll need 
	to use Julian Elischer's bootblocks to put it in high memory, which 
	seem to be fairly complex.  Installing them (once they are 
	compiled) is as easy as using disklabel.

	Newer versions of the *BSD kith provide the capability to build
	a kernel that is larger than 640K.  Complete instructions are
	provided in the appropriate systems.


3.2.2	What should I remove from the kernel?

	What do you need?  If you only have an SCSI controller, you don't 
	need the wd0 device;  if you have another kind of disk controller, 
	you don't need sd0.  Unless you actually HAVE more than one Ethernet 
	controller, you should comment out all but one of them.  If you don't 
	have an ethernet controller, you don't need any of the controllers or 
	NFS compiled in.   Without a CD-ROM, ISOFS is kind of pointless.  Just 
	look at what you have and think about what you really need.


3.2.3	I can't get enough remote login sessions or xterm sessions.  I also
	can only get four sessions working at a time.  What can I do?

	Increase the count of pseudo-terminals --

	pseudo-device	pty	12  # or whatever

	Every pseudo terminal should have a /dev/pty* entry.  If you have 12
	pseudo terminals, you should also have at least 12 pty devices in the
	/dev directory.  The MAKEDEV script in /dev will create as many pseudo-
	terminals as you tell it to.


3.2.4	How do I get ddb, the kernel debugger, compiled into the kernel
	and running?

	If you are using older versions of the 386BSD family, you will
	need to add a line in your config file that looks like this:

	device-pseudo	ddb

	If you are using a more recent version (the division is pretty
	unclear about when the switch was made) and do not have any
	device-pseudo entries, you will need to add the line:

	options 	DDB

	to your config file.

	Build the kernel, then run dbsym on it:

	% dbsym ./kernel

	Install it and go for it.  Ctl-Alt-Esc drops you into the debugger.

	Note: DDB as shipped originally is a memory hog, and it is very
	difficult to get a kernel small enough with enough fun things in it
	to debug in 640K

	On the NetBSD-sparc system, the L1-A is used by the the DDB
	routines to drop you into the debugger.


3.2.5	I'm getting all kinds of errors when I try to build a new
	version of GCC.  How can I upgrade GCC to the most current version?

	Yes, this will happen on most architectures on the first compile
	of src/gnu/usr.bin/gcc/libgcc.  As was stated in the mailing
	list before, when you get to this error:
	  1) run a 'make' in the gcc directory.  It will error out (most
	     likely) on libgcc.
	  1) Do a 'make install' at this point to install at least gcc, 
	     cpp, and cc1.
	  2) go back and compile in src/gnu/usr.bin/gcc/ WITHOUT doing 
	     a "make clean"
	  3) install everything in src/gnu/usr.bin/gcc


3.2.6	Can I patch the current running OS image?

	In general, I think, the answer is no.  The prevailing philosophy 
	seems to be that one should use sysctl for such things, but that 
	requires that one has already compiled in the ability to change 
	the specific variable in question.  (I discovered this when I 
	wanted to patch tickadj at runtime; I added it to kernfs, and 
	when I offered the patches (which are quite small) I was told 
	sysctl was the `correct' way.  What's incorrect about /kern was 
	never quite explained; the closest anyone came was to invoke 
	internationalization concerns.  Of course, using /kern also 
	requires having compiled in support for tweaking the variable 
	you want to change.)

	Besides, unless you've patched securelevel, I don't think there 
	is any good way to twiddle variables in the running kernel.  
	/dev/{,k}mem are, I believe, read-only once init sets securelevel 
	to 1.

	If you need to know more about the sysctl command, try 
	"sysctl -a | more" to get a list of the parameters that can be
	modified while the system is running.


3.2.7	Can I have more than one config file?  Should I rename it to something
	else?  Any other hints?  

	You can create as many (or as few) config files as you desire.  The 
	system, once the patchkit is applied, will have between 10 and 15, 
	each of which implements certain functions or features.  In addition, 
	the normal place for the patchkit to make changes to the config files 
	is in the GENERICISA file.  Since this file should remain unchanged 
	and available, it is always a good idea to copy this file to a 
	meaningful name and modify that file.  In other words, change every 
	reference in 3.1.1 from GENERICISA to HAL (or whatever you call your 
	system).

	One final note.  Every /sys/compile directory takes up 800K or so;
	you might want to watch to see how big these all get.


3.2.8	I have been getting a lot of "virtual memory exhausted" errors when 
	I am compiling a program with a really big static array.  I have 
	128Meg of memory and 8Gig of swap.  How can this be happening?

	If you are using Csh, you can simply unlimit your processes in 
	your system level /etc/csh.cshrc file or your personal .cshrc 
	file.  You can also modify your kernel so that the
	amount of memory available is less limiting.  J"org Wunsch 
	(j@tcd-dresden.de) provides us with this brief description:

	From a recent posting regarding the problem how much virtual 
	memory one could get.

	| On the other hand, i've also changed the definitions you
	| mentioned. But i didn't like to modify the header files, and
	| actually, modifying the values is as easy as:
	| 
	| options		"DFLDSIZ='(16 * 1024 * 1024)'"
	| options		"MAXDSIZ='(64 * 1024 * 1024)'"
	| 
	| Include the above lines into your kernel's config file, reconfig
	| and rebuild it.
	| 

	This has been reported to work well for NetBSD, but causes
	problems in the mkdep step of the kernel compile in FreeBSD.
	Check the FreeBSD Web Site for a more definitive answer.
	<Insert address of pointer here>.

	This is just a hint for those people poking around with compiling
	large source files. Especially, due to some gcc problems with large
	static arrays, compiling X applications with huge bitmaps would
	cause virtual memory trouble. Increasing the limits (o'course, as
	long as the h/w resources suffice) could help there.

	The default definitions for the above parameters are found in
	/usr/include/machine/vmparam.h.


3.2.8.1	I am running NetBSD and really DO have 128 Meg of memory; but the 
	generic kernel only sees the first 64Meg.  How can I fix this?

	The EXTMEM_SIZE entry needs to be set for your system.  I'm
	completely clear on the concept, but it goes something like
	this:

	The value of EXTMEM_SIZE needs to be set to the number of bytes
	in the extended memory range for your system.  Since this
	excludes the first Meg of memory, the value for the machine
	above would be 127 * 1024, for a grand total of 130048.  Once
	you reset that, you will need to either get the -current sources
	(which will do the following for you) or you need to set NKPDE
	to something larger than 12.  For 128Meg, 16 seems to be a
	reasonable number; for 256Meg, 20 would probably work, with 24
	being adequate for 512Meg.

	Both of these can be set in the source, or you can use the
	"options" method listed in the last paragraph.


3.2.8.2	How do I dedicate 16Meg of memory to nothing but disk buffers?

	Set BUFPAGES to the number of 4K buffers you want to allocate.
	For 16Meg, you would use "options	BUFPAGES=4096".
	

3.2.9	Where can I learn more about all this?

	We've skipped over a lot of details here;  the straight dope comes 
	from "Building Berkeley UNIX Kernels with Config", by Samuel J. 
	Leffler and Michael J. Karels. 


3.3	Other kernel related kind of questions.
3.3.1	Has the method for system call changed in NetBSD?  

	Q.  Is there something special with the order I need to update 
	binaries and libraries in?  If I drop in the new libc, everything 
	gives me a bus error.  Both shared and static do this.

	A.  On the port-i386 list, Charles Hannum discussed changing the 
	system call mechanism (doing it via an INT instead of a call 
	gate).  Looking at src/lib/libc/arch/i386/sys/syscall.S, it looks 
	like this change is in.   Your binaries are (if you are using an 
	old kernel) probably crashing at each system call now.

	So.. first compiling a new kernel with COMPAT_10 in it should make 
	your newly linked binaries work, I guess (have not recompiled since 
	the update myself yet). Also don't forget that you need to use 
	config.new now.

	So, the answer is Yes, the mechanism for system calls has
	changed, but the old method (using a call gate) is still
	available by specifying COMPAT_10 in your configuration file.


3.3.2	Does anyone have a system building script that takes things like 
	building a new config and multiple config files into account?

	The program I use to rebuild my kernel is available from 
	http://cynjut.neonramp.com/build-kernel
	

3.3.3	How do I upgrade from my release version of NetBSD (and
	probably FreeBSD) to the '-current' development sources?
	
	Your best method _by far_ would to to pull down a snapshot
	(assuming one exists for your arch) & install all except the etc
	tarfile, then diff the etc tarfile contents with your setup to
	check for any updates you should make.

	If you really want to do it the hard way, here is your map.
	
	# Remember to make yourself a new config (not config.old) kernel 
	# config file.
	#
	# This means any old config file you may have had from
	# V1.1 needs to have the mainbus changes made. See GENERICADP and look
	# for the isa0,eisa0,pci0 at root add the mainbus0 stuff and attached
	# your buses to it.  For updates to V1.2, you will need to make
	# certain the COMPAT_* options are correct.
	#
	# Make sure you have COMPAT_11 as part of your kernel config 
	# options.
	#
	# This assumes that the -current source is in /usr/src

	(cd /usr/src/usr.sbin/config ; make && make install && make cleandir)

	# if you don't do this, config of your kernel config file will
	# fail with errors in files.i386

	(cd /usr/src/gnu/usr.bin/gas ; make && make install && make cleandir)

	# if you don't do this, you won't be able to build locore.s, with
	# errors about cpuid instruction not found

	(cd /sys/arch/i386/conf ; config BCC13)
	(cd /sys/arch/i386/compile/BCC13 ; make depend && make)

	# copy  new kernel to /, and boot off it
        
	(cd /usr/src/share/mk ; make install)

	# if you don't do this, you'll get errors building gcc, when it
	# doesn't know how to make the manual pages (don't know how to 
	# make gcc.0)
	#
	# Rebuild yacc first or the yacc from v1.1 dies on Error Code 1 when
	# it hits %expect 34 in /usr/src/gnu/gcc/common/c-parse.y. The
	# new yacc included with V1.1B handles it, build and install it
	# before it gets used in the gcc building.
	#
	# ***
	#
	(cd /usr/src/usr.bin/yacc; make && make install && make cleandir)
	#
	# The build now uses a new tsort option (-q) when it gets to the 
	# point of 'building standard cc1 library'. At this point if using 
	# the tsort that comes with V1.1 it dies on a Error 1 and no 
	# obvious explanation. Going to the common sub-directory under 
	# gcc (ie.  /usr/src/gnu/usr.bin/gcc/common)
	# and typing 'make' will reveal the full error.
	#
	(cd /usr/src/usr.bin/tsort; make && make install && make cleandir)
	#
	#
	cd /usr/src/gnu/usr.bin/gcc
	make
	#
	# Build will die here on libgcc
	#
	(cd cc; make install)
	(cd cc1; make install)
	(cd cc1obj; make install)
	(cd cc1plus; make install)
	(cd cpp; make install)
	(cd g++; make install)
	(cd libgcc; make; make install)
	(cd libobjc; make; make install)
	(cd /usr/src/gnu/usr.bin/gcc ; make && make install && make cleandir)
	#
	# Bernd Wiserner says that the ld.so that will be built next will
	# work only with libc.so.12.0, not with libc.so.12.3
	# His instructions to make a working ld.so follow:
	# Do NOT run ldconfig while doing the folowing 5 lines ...
	#
	(cd /usr/src/include ; make && make includes)
	#
	cp -p /usr/libexec/ld.so /usr/libexec/ld.so.good
	(cd /usr/src/gnu/usr.bin/ld ; make && make install && make cleandir)
	cp -p /usr/libexec/ld.so.good /usr/libexec/ld.so
	#
	# Then build ld.so again ...
	(cd /usr/src/gnu/usr.bin/ld ; make && make install && make cleandir)  
	# Thanks, Bernd...
	
	# And now the libraries
	(cd /usr/src/lib ; make && make install && make cleandir)
       	 
	(cd /usr/src/bin/sh ; make && make install &&  make cleandir)
       	 
	# and now back to the beginning and make the world
	#
	(cd /usr/src/bin ; make && make install && make cleandir)
	(cd /usr/src/sbin ; make && make install && make cleandir)
       	 
	mkdir /usr/share/doc/usd/13.viref
	# otherwise "make install" in /usr/src/usr.bin will fail because
	# the destination directory doesn't exist - from Tom Thai
    	 
	# if you're using the obj directory hierarchy, use the
	# initscan.c from the obj directory, otherwise use the initscan.c
	# that was created here.
	
	cd /usr/src/usr.bin/lex
	if test -d /usr/src/usr.bin/lex/obj ; then
       	    cp initscan.c obj/scan.c
	else
       	    cp initscan.c scan.c
	fi
	
	# if you don't, then lex won't be built
       	 
	(cd /usr/src/usr.bin ; make && make install && make cleandir)
	(cd /usr/src/usr.sbin ; make && make install && make cleandir)
	(cd /usr/src/libexec ; make && make install && make cleandir)
	(cd /usr/src/gnu ; make && make install && make cleandir)
	(cd /usr/src/share ; make && make install && make cleandir)
     	 
	mkdir /usr/share/doc/usd/30.rogue /usr/share/doc/usd/31.trek
	# otherwise "make install" in /usr/src/games might fail
	# if the dirs weren't already there
     	 
	(cd /usr/src/games ; make && make install && make cleandir)
	

3.3.4	Is there a Makefile that does all that happy world-building
	stuff?

	There is one in the /usr/src directory.  Unfortunately, it
	seldom gets sent down unless you are using sup to get -current.
	If you need it for NetBSD, you can FTP to ftp.netbsd.org and 
	get it from the src archive.

	ftp://ftp.netbsd.org/pub/NetBSD-current/src/Makefile

	The same can be said for FreeBSD and OpenBSD, but obviously you
	will need to get it from their FTP sites; not NetBSD's.
	

3.3.5	Can NetBSD do cross compilation?

	Sure.  Check out the cross-compiling howto for MacBSD for an
	example.  All of the NetBSD ports should be capable of doing
	'pretty much' the same thing.

	You can find Colin Wood's MacBSD cross compilation howto at 
	the following URL:

	http://www.macbsd.com/macbsd/howto/cc-HOWTO

3.3.6	My network memory seems to be leaking.  The numbers just keep
	increasing slowly over time.  Is there a problem I need to worry
	about?

	Probably not.  When the system starts, the kernel malloc pool is
	not backed by real memory.  As these pages are allocated, real
	memory is assigned to them, increasing your memory usage.  As
	these pages are released, they are returned to the malloc pool,
	but the memory is never returned to the system.  Eventually,
	your malloc area will reach a point of statis, where new pages
	are not needed from real memory; the releases to the malloc area
	should cover the new pages needed.


3.4	X11/XFree86/XS3
3.4.1	What options should I define to get the X extensions included?

	Once you have applied the patch kit, the only thing left to do is to
	modify the config file to include the following line:

	options	XSERVER, UCONSOLE
 
	recompile the kernel and the kernel should support X.

3.4.2	Where can I get the FAQ for 'X'?

	Steve Kotsopoulos' general 'X on Intel-based Unix' FAQ
	available by anonymous ftp from export.lcs.mit.edu in 
	/contrib/faq/Intel-Unix-X-faq. 


3.4.3	Why does X drop characters when using xdm?   When I run xdm 
	from the console, it keeps losing keystrokes and the shift keys 
	don't always work.  Why?

        You need to run xdm with the -nodaemon flag.  The reason is
        xdm normally detaches from the keyboard.  This allows other
        processes (like getty) to return to reading from the keyboard.
        A race condition results, where some keystrokes are sent to
        xdm and others are sent to other processes.  Using the
        -nodaemon flag causes xdm to stay attached to the keyboard
        so no other process can use it.  This answer comes from Michael 
        C. Newell (root@wanderer.nsi.nasa.gov)

	This bit of trivia is also covered in detail in the X FAQ and 
	the README that accompanies XFree86.


3.4.4	What can I do to figure out why 'X' doesn't work with NetBSD?

	The best way to debug problems with starting 'X' is to redirect
	the output of the 'startx' program to a file:

	% startx >& startx.log	   # csh
	% startx 2>&1 > startx.log # sh

	With the output from this, the problems should be fairly easy to
	identify and (hopefully) fix.


3.4.5	Under NetBSD and FreeBSD, xlock (or any other program that uses
	passwords) fails to validate user passwords. Anyone know why? 

	OK, first off, make sure you're using the latest version of 
	xlock. If you've pulled it out of the /ports/ distribution then 
	you've got version 1.14. This is woefully ancient, so get the 
	latest, which at the time of writing is 2.7 (just do an archie 
	search for 'xlockmore-2.7' to find it).

	Get this, compile it up and *make sure it's setuid root*. So, 
	after you've copied it into /usr/X11R6/bin or wherever, do the 
	following:

	    # chown root.wheel ./xlock
	    # chmod 4755 ./xlock

	After that, it should work fine. The problem is that without 
	being setuid root xlock cannot read the real system passwords. 
	If you look in /etc/passwd you'll see that the passwords are 
	all '*'d out, because FreeBSD and NetBSD use shadow passwords.

	That's what worked for me. A couple of other suggestions were 
	raised last time this problem cropped up:

	  o If you're using a pre-compiled xlock then it might have 
	  been linked against the USA encryption libraries. If you're 
	  outside the States then the encryption libraries are different, 
	  and a US xlock will not be able to read the passwords. The fix 
	  is to get the sources and recompile.

	  o If you've compiled it from source, made it setuid root, and 
	  it still doesn't work, someone suggested changing the size of 
	  the constant PASSLENGTH in xlock.c from '20' to '40'. I haven't 
	  had to do this, and in v2.7 it's '64' anyway, so it shouldn't 
	  be a problem.


3.5	I want to run 'XYZA'  which is  dynamically linked and from 'some 
	other operating system'.  What special things do I have to do to 
	get it working?

	For NetBSD:
	Assuming you are trying to simulate a SVR4 system, you want to 
	create the '/emul/svr4' directory.  You will also want to ensure
	the "COMPAT_SVR4" option is in your kernel config file.  This
	option will change in 1.3-current and later, so be sure to check
	out the config files included with those versions to ensure you
	have the right options.

	Note that there are known problems when trying to run a
	staically linked Linux ELF executable and you have SVR4
	emulation built into your kernel.  THe problem is the order in
	which ELF executables are processed through the kernel tables.
	The SVR4 emulation gets processed first, thus causing the LInux
	ELF executable to be improperly processed.  This may cause
	certain Linux static ELF executables to fail under the *BSD
	systems.  The way to fix this is to remove SVR4 emulation from
	the kernel or switch to a real SVR4 executable.

	Also note that newer versions of NetBSD do not make a
	distinction between Linux ELF executables and SVR4 ELF
	executables.  The only difference (from the 1.3 kernel's
	viewpoint) is whether they are 32 or 64 bit ELF executables.

	With this accomplished, you will need to copy several files into
	the emulation directoy.  A live example might be best at this
	point.  Most of this information is include in the
	'compat_linux(8)' manpage.

	First, set up the '/emul/linux' directory.  Within this
	directory (and virtually all of the emulation directories) you
	will need the following:

		etc/	(the emulated /etc directory)
		lib/	(the emulated /lib directory)
		usr/	(the emulated /usr directory)

	From there, the simplest way to populate these directories is to
	use a program like 'cpio' or 'tar' to build an archive.  Having
	a linux machine available will greatly simplify this.  Copy
	(basically everything from the Linux (or whatever) /etc and /lib
	directories.

	Any executables that you need from the Linux system should then
	be copied into an appropriate place in the usr/ directory.  For
	example, when creating the Linux Doom system on NetBSD, you need
	to have the following files (which should all come from the
	Linux Doom distribution).

	usr/X11R6/lib
		libX11.so.6.0

	usr/bin:
		as86
		ld86

	usr/games/doom
		README.linuxx
		doom1.wad
		linuxxdoom
		sndserver.old

	With Doom specifically, you may need to set 'DOOMWAD' (or
	whatever it is) to usr/games/doom for it to work correctly.  

	In addition to the 'X' version, the native version should also
	work (with recent versions of NetBSD (1.1+)

	It is generally accepted that NetBSD's emulation of the other
	systems is pretty close *except for* sound.  The audio drivers
	in NetBSD are not a robust (yet) as they probably should be.
	Don't be surprised if sound emulation works badly, if at all,
	for any of the other operating systems emulation works for.

	The good news is that work under way (early 1997) in the
	-current version of NetBSD (pre 1.3) should fix most of this.
	The sound subsystem has been modified so that machine
	independent components are seperated from the machine dependent
	stuff, and each of the machine dependent parts is getting a
	facelist.  Ultimately, the NetBSD sounds system should be 100%
	compatible with the one from FreeBSD (that was the design goal)
	and probably Linux as well. 


3.6	You promised to talk about timezones below.  Are you going to?

	>I've seen lots of stuff about timezone's being a bit dodgy,
	>especially with most European timezones changing over to DST on 
	>the 27th March.  I must say that that was NOT the case for me - 
	>pumpy (the author's system) is running off the 
	>/usr/share/zoneinfo/GB-Eire timezone file, (symbolically) linked 
	>to /etc/localtime, the CMOS clock is running off GMT, and the 
	>kernel is compiled with "timezone 0".

	For a full discussion of this problem, check out the
	'options(4)' manpage.  It describes the DST and TIMEZONE options
	in detail.

	In newer kernels, the problems are far less dramatic than they
	used to be (see below):

	The problems with timezones and real-time clocks is that most
	386 hardware is just stupid.  It doesn't recognize DST, even
	when told to.  It can't use network system time during DST
	because it makes all the PC clocks off by an hour.  

	For machines that dual boot DOS and *BSD, one of the simplest
	solutions involves using a program called 'clock372' from
	Simtelnet (the exact site is not available).  After you install
	it, you add a couple of lines to your DOS CONFIG.SYS and set the
	hardware clock to DST.  From there, you build a kernel with DST
	and TIMEZONE set to 0 and your whole system "just works".

	In older kernels the following works:

	I use /usr/share/zoneinfo/MET as /etc/localtime and have the 
	kernel configured as

		timezone        -1 dst 4

	(My wife is running DOS on this machine for doom sometimes ;-)

	I set this strange dst value after diging in some old ultrix(?) 
	man pages.  There were several dst-changing-method listed and 4 
	was the code for the central europe one.

	This gave me an idea... I use an Ultrix box every day, so why not...

	Now, I don't know how closely this applies to NetBSD since 
	Ultrix is based on a much older version of BSD, and this isn't 
	for the kernel config, but for an envar of timezone values, but 
	it's at least somewhat enlightening on possible meanings for 
	these things.  Could someone in the know shed light on how 
	accurately this models the timezone stuff in the kernel config?  
	When I did "man timezone" this is what I got (portion of this 
	quoted from the DEC MIPS Ultrix 4.3a timezone(3) manpage, 
	slightly hacked by me (Michael L. VanLoon (michaelv@iastate.edu))


		 STD offset [DST [offset][,start[/time],end[/time]]]

	     the components of the string have the following meaning:

	STD and DST	Three or more characters that are the 
			designation for the standard (STD) or 
			summer (DST) time zone. Only STD is required; 
			if DST is missing, then summer time does not apply 
			in this locale. Upper- and lowercase letters are 
			explicitly allowed.  Any characters except a 
			leading colon (:), digits, comma (,), minus (-), 
			plus (+), and ASCII NUL are allowed.

     	offset		Indicates the value to be added to the local 
			time to arrive at Coordinated Universal Time. The 
			offset has the form:

			hh[:mm[:ss]]

			The minutes (mm) and seconds (ss) are optional. 
			The hour (hh) is required and may be a single 
			digit.	The offset following STD is required. If 
			no offset follows DST, summer time is assumed to 
			be one hour ahead of standard time.  One or more 
			digits may be used; the value is always
			interpreted as a decimal number.  The hour must 
			be between 0 and 24, and the minutes (and
			seconds) - if present - between zero and 59. If 
			preceded by a "-", the time zone is east of the 
			Prime Meridian; otherwise it is west (which may
			be indicated by an optional preceding "+").

     start and end	Indicates when to change to and back from summer
     			time. Start describes the date when the change
			from standard to summer time occurs and end 
			describes the date when the change back
			happens.  The format of start and end must be
			one of the following:

			Jn	The Julian day n (1 < n < 365). Leap
				days are not counted.  That is, in all
				years, including leap years, February
				28 is day 59 and March 1 is day 60.  It
				is impossible to explicitly refer to
				the occasional February 29.

			n	The zero-based Julian day (0 < n <
				365).  Leap days are counted, and it is	
				possible to refer to February 29.

			Mm.n.d	The nth d day of month m (1 < n < 5, 
				0 < d < 6, 1 < m < 12).  When n is 5 it 
				refers to the last d day of month m.
				Day 0 is Sunday.

     			time	The time field describes the time when,
				in current time, the change to or from
				summer time occurs. Time has the same
				format as offset except that no leading
				sign (a minus (-) or a plus (+) sign)
				is allowed. The default, if time is not
				given, is 02:00:00.

	As an example of the previous format, if the TZ environment
	variable had the value EST5EDT4,M4.1.0,M10.5.0 it would	describe 
	the rule, which went into effect in 1987, for the Eastern time
	zone in the USA.  Specifically, EST would be the designation for
	standard time, which is 5 hours behind GMT.  EDT would be the 
	designation for DST, which is 4 hours behind GMT.  DST starts
	on the first Sunday in April and ends on the last Sunday in
	October.  In both cases, since the time was not specified, the
	change to and from DST would occur at the default time of 2:00 AM.

	The timezone call remains for compatibility reasons only; it is 
	impossible to reliably map timezone's arguments (zone, a
	`minutes west of GMT' value and DST, a `daylight saving time in
	effect' flag) to a time zone abbreviation.


3.6.1	How do you change the timezone on NetBSD (FreeBSD also?)?

	Relink /etc/localtime.  This will correct the difference from
	GMT (or its trendy equivelant) to your local timezone.  In
	addition, the kernel needs to be modified to take the clock
	time in your CMOS into account.  Since most folks that run DOS
	prefer to have their clocks set to local time, the timezone
	hack was introduced to allow the kernel to adjust the CMOS
	clock time to GMT.  Once GMT has been computed, the
	/etc/localtime file can be referenced to determine the
	corrected local time.

	All generic kernels are built using the offset from California
	(why is anyone's guess:-) so just about everyone's clock will
	be off by their timezone offset from Berkeley.

	Also, it may pay to actually copy the correct timezone file
	rather than link it.  That way, you clock will be correct even
	in single users mode (when the /usr partition is not even
	mounted.  The disadvantage of this is that anytime the timezone
	file gets updated, you will need to make certain that the file
	is copied into the /etc directory.


3.6.2	The translation between seconds-since-the-epoch and date
	differs by about 18 seconds between BSD and other Unixes when
	running ntp; why?

	See ntp FAQ. Apparently, the time correction takes leap seconds
	into account twice.  The timezone files in our system take the 
	leap seconds into account in the kernel, and nntp takes the
	same 18 leap seconds into account when syncing the time.
	Because of that, the time will appear to be off by eighteen
	seconds.  (Henning Schulzrinne)


3.7	How can I implement CVS to track MY changes to the kernel source
	tree, yet still follow the -current development tree?

	I'll append the scripts I use, but be warned, they may bite you if 
	you are careless...

	The main reason I use cvs import is to handle updates from the 
	``vendor''.  The best way I've found is to import _exactly_ what 
	was shipped.  This means unconfigured, and I put config.h, etc, 
	in .cvsignore.  If I have to modify configure.in then obviously 
	I commit them :-)

#!/bin/sh
# This is a shell archive.
# remove everything above the "#!/bin/sh" line
# and feed to /bin/sh
# Use -c option to overwrite existing files
#
# Contents: 
#	README.import
#	import.sh
#	prune.sh
#
# packed by: <sjg@zen.void.oz.au> on Sat Jun 17 20:00:34 EST 1995
#
PATH=/bin:/usr/bin:/usr/ucb ; export PATH
if test -f README.import -a x$1 != x-c ; then
  echo shar: Will not over-write existing file \"README.import\"
else
  echo shar: Extracting \"README.import\" \(2902 characters\)
  sed 's/^X//' >README.import << '!EOF'
XThe following may be of use to others wanting to use CVS to merge
XNetBSD sources with local changes but are not confident that they have
Xinterpreted the documentation accurately.
X
XMuch thanks to Chris Demetriou (cgd) for taking the time to spell out
Xthe steps he used when merging NetBSD sources without which I might
Xnot have taken the plunge myself :-) The following is based on Chris'
Xtips, though of course any errors are mine.
X
XOk.  My NetBSD sources are kept in usr.src, if NetBSD is all
Xyou use CVS for you might want to simply call it src.
X
XI unpack tar files and/or sup into a directory /d2/current.
X
XTo import the entire tree I:
X
Xcd /d2/current/src
X
Xcvs import "-I! " -m "from netbsd-current as of 950508" usr.src NetBSD \
XNetBSD-950508 > /tmp/cvs.out 2>&1
X
XWhere:
Xusr.src		is the repository where the imported data goes (so set it
X		according to your own needs), 
XNetBSD		is a vendor tag.
XNetBSD-950508	is a release tag (there can be multiple release tags given).
X
XI use "-I! " as otherise some files that you need (like
Xbin/csh/USD.doc/csh.a) will be ignored..  The space after the ! is
Xneeded.
X
XIt takes quite a while.  It is a good idea to save the output to a file.
X
XAt the end you may well get a message like:
X
X	cvs checkout -jNetBSD:yesterday -jNetBSD usr.src
X
XThis means there were some conflicts between your local sources and
Xthe import.  So I do what it says - but not in my working tree.
X
Xcd /d2/tmp
Xcvs checkout -jNetBSD:yesterday -jNetBSD usr.src > /tmp/merge.out 2>&1
X
XYou can then go find all the files with conflicts.
XEither grep '^C' /tmp/merge.out or find usr.src -name '.#*' -print
XGo edit them to resolce the conflicts.  This is usually obvious.
X
XWhen happy. 
X
Xcd /d2/tmp/usr.src
Xcvs commit -m"merged local changes with NetBSD-950508"
Xcd ..
Xrm -rf usr.src
X
XOk. Now if you are brave you can:
X
Xcd /usr.src (or whereever your working sources are)
Xcvs update
X
XFinally, you should occasionally make sure you remove old files.
X
XI use a script to do this.  It does a diff between files on the NetBSD
Xbranch looking for the latest release tag (eg. NetBSD-950508). 
XIf cvs diff remports that a file does not have that tag, it is because
Xit was not present in the import (ie removed). 
X
XThe command sequence is:
X
Xcvs diff -s -r NetBSD -r NetBSD-950508 > /tmp/prune.out 2>&1
X
X# check that all went well...
Xcat /tmp/prune.out | awk '/Diffing/ { dir=$NF } 
X/NetBSD-/ { file=$NF; print dir "/" file }'  > /tmp/pruned
X
Xcat /tmp/pruned | xargs cvs tag -d NetBSD
Xcat /tmp/pruned | xargs rm -f
Xcat /tmp/pruned | xargs cvs delete
X
XNote that this is a slow process on a 486DX33!  So don't plan on
Xmerging everything very often.  Folk who mainly hack the kernel can do
Xsrc/sys more frequently.  The sequence is analogous eg.
X
Xcd /d2/current/src/sys
X
Xcvs import "-I! " -m "from netbsd-current as of 950508" usr.src/sys NetBSD \
XNetBSD-950508 > /tmp/cvs.out 2>&1
X
Xetc.
X
XHope this helps.
X
X--sjg
!EOF
  if test 2902 -ne `wc -c < README.import`; then
    echo shar: \"README.import\" unpacked with wrong size!
  fi
  
fi
if test -f import.sh -a x$1 != x-c ; then
  echo shar: Will not over-write existing file \"import.sh\"
else
  echo shar: Extracting \"import.sh\" \(290 characters\)
  sed 's/^X//' >import.sh << '!EOF'
X:
Xtoday=`date '+%y%m%d'`
X
Xrep=${1:-usr.src}
X
X# -I! doesn't work, it needs a space after the !
Xcvs import "-I! " -m "from netbsd-current as of $today" $rep NetBSD NetBSD-$today
X
X# cd somewhere
X# cvs checkout -jNetBSD:yesterday -jNetBSD usr.src > /tmp/cvs.out 2>&1
X# merge changes and commit
!EOF
  if test 290 -ne `wc -c < import.sh`; then
    echo shar: \"import.sh\" unpacked with wrong size!
  fi
  chmod +x import.sh
fi
if test -f prune.sh -a x$1 != x-c ; then
  echo shar: Will not over-write existing file \"prune.sh\"
else
  echo shar: Extracting \"prune.sh\" \(491 characters\)
  sed 's/^X//' >prune.sh << '!EOF'
X:
Xthen=${1:-`date '+%y%m%d'`}
XTF=/tmp/prune.$$
XTF2=/tmp/prune2.$$
X#S=-s
XS=
X
Xcase `echo -n .` in -n*) N=; C="\c";; *) N=-n; C=;; esac
X
Xask () { echo $N "${2:-$1?} "$C; read $1; }
X  
Xcvs diff $S -r NetBSD -r NetBSD-$then > $TF 2>&1 || cat $TF >&2
X
Xcat $TF | awk '/Diffing/ { dir=$NF } /NetBSD-/ { file=$NF; print dir "/" file }' > $TF2
X
Xcat $TF2
Xask proceed
Xcase "$proceed" in
X[yY]*)
Xcat $TF2 | xargs cvs tag -d NetBSD
Xcat $TF2 | xargs rm -f
Xcat $TF2 | xargs cvs delete
X;;
Xesac
Xrm -f $TF $TF2
!EOF
  if test 491 -ne `wc -c < prune.sh`; then
    echo shar: \"prune.sh\" unpacked with wrong size!
  fi
  chmod +x prune.sh
fi
exit 0



3.8	Optional Op-codes for NetBSD, FreeBSD, and other systems.

	MNEMONIC	INSTRUCTION
	----------------------------------
	AAC		Alter All Commands
	AAR		Alter At Random
	AB		Add Backwards
	AFVC		Add Finagle's Variable Constant
	AIB		Attack Innocent Bystander
	AWTT		Assemble With Tinker Toys
	BAC		Branch to Alpha Centauri
	BAF		Blow All Fuses
	BAFL		Branch And Flush
	BBIL		Branch on Blown Indicator Light
	BBT		Branch on Binary Tree
	BBW		Branch Both Ways
	BCF		Branch and Catch Fire
	BCIL		Branch Creating Infinite Loop
	BDC		Break Down and Cry
	BDT		Burn Data Tree
	BEW		Branch Either Way
	BF		Belch Fire
	BH		Branch and Hang
	BOB		Branch On Bug
	BOD		Beat On the Disk
	BOI		Bite Operator Immediately
	BPDI		Be Polite, Don't Interrupt
	BPO		Branch on Power Off
	BRSS		Branch on Sunspot
	BST		Backspace and Stretch Tape
	BW		Branch on Whim
	CDC		Close Disk Cover
	CDIOOAZ		Calm Down, It's Only Ones and Zeros
	CEMU		Close Eyes and Monkey with User space
	CH		Create Havoc
	CLBR		Clobber Register
	CM		Circulate Memory
	CML		Compute Meaning of Life
	COLB		Crash for Operators Lunch Break
	CPPR		Crumple Printer Paper and Rip
	CRASH		Continue Running After Stop or Halt
	CRB		Crash and Burn
	CRN		Convert to Roman Numerals
	CS		Crash System
	CSL		Curse and Swear Loudly
	CU		Convert to Unary
	CVG		Convert to Garbage
	CWOM		Complement Write-Only Memory
	CZZC		Convert Zone to Zip Code
	DBZ		Divide By Zero
	DC		Divide and Conquer
	DMNS		Do what I Mean, Not what I Say
	DMPK		Destroy Memory Protect Key
	DPMI		Declare Programmer Mentally Incompetent
	DPR		Destroy Program
	DTC		Destroy This Command
	DTE		Decrement Telephone Extension
	DTVFL		Destroy Third Variable From Left
	DW		Destroy World
	ECO		Electrocute Computer Operator
	EFD		Emulate Frisbee Using Disk Pack
	EIAO		Execute In Any Order
	EIOC		Execute Invalid Opcode
	ENF		Emit Noxious Fumes
	EO		Execute Operator
	EROS		Erase Read-Only Storage
	FLI		Flash Lights Impressively
	FSM		Fold, Spindle and Mutilate
	GCAR		Get Correct Answer Regardless
	GDP		Grin Defiantly at Programmer
	GFM		Go Forth and Multiply
	IAE		Ignore All Exceptions
	IBP		Insert Bug and Proceed
	ISC		Insert Sarcastic Comments
	JTZ		Jump to Twilight Zone
	LCC		Load and Clear Core
	MAZ		Multiply Answer by Zero
	MLR		Move and Lose Record
	MWAG		Make Wild-Assed Guess
	MWT		Malfunction Without Telling
	OML		Obey Murphy's Laws
	PD		Play Dead
	PDSK		Punch Disk
	PEHC		Punch Extra Holes on Cards
	POCL		Punch Out Console Lights
	POPI		Punch Operator Immediately
	RA		Randomize Answer
	RASC		Read And Shred Card
	RCB		Read Command Backwards
	RD		Reverse Directions
	RDA		Refuse to Disclose Answer
	RDB		Run Disk Backwards
	RIRG		Read Inter-Record Gap
	RLI		Rotate Left Indefinitely
	ROC		Randomize Opcodes
	RPB		Read, Print and Blush
	RPM		Read Programmer's Mind
	RSD		On Read Error Self-Destruct
	RWCR		Rewind Card Reader
	SAI		Skip All Instructions
	SAS		Sit and Spin
	SCCA		Short Circuit on Correct Answer
	SFH		Set Flags to Half mast
	SLMTU=x		SLIP MTU size
	SLP		Sharpen Light Pen
	SPS		Set Panel Switches
	SPSW		Scramble Program Status Word
	SQPC		Sit Quietly and Play with your Crayons
	SRDR		Shift Right Double Ridiculous
	STA		Store Anywhere
	TARC		Take Arithmetic Review Course
	TPF		Turn Power Off
	TPN		Turn Power On
	UCB		Uncouple CPU and Branch
	ULDA		Unload Accumulator
	UP		Understand Program
	WBT		Water Binary Tree
	WHFO		Wait Until Hell Freezes Over
	WI		Write Illegibly
	WSWW		Work in Strange and Wondrous Ways
	XSP		Execute Systems Programmer
	ZAR		Zero Any Register

	If you have gotten this far, you deserved some humor.

-- 
Dave Burgess                   Network Engineer - Nebraska On-Ramp, Inc.
*bsd FAQ Maintainer / SysAdmin for the NetBSD system in my spare bedroom
"Just because something is stupid doesn't mean there isn't someone that 
doesn't want to do it...."


From burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com Sun Sep 28 14:17:14 1997
Date: 13 Sep 1997 02:00:14 -0500
From: Dave Burgess <burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com>
Newsgroups: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.announce, comp.unix.bsd.freebsd.announce,
    comp.answers, news.answers, comp.unix.openbsd.announce
Subject: [comp.unix.bsd] NetBSD, FreeBSD, and OpenBSD FAQ (Part 5 of 10)
Followup-To: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.misc

Posted-By: auto-faq 3.1.1.2
Archive-name: 386bsd-faq/part5

Section 4.	(System Additions)

4.0	Introduction

	If you have written some addition to the kernel or some other 
	part of the system, or know of one that feel should be mentioned, 
	send mail to Dave Burgess (burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com) with all 
	the relevant information, and it will be added for the next 
	release.

4.1	Common (sort of) Kernel-related problems

4.1.1	Sometimes I have trouble with my system resetting the terminal
	to seven bit mode.  Isn't BSD eight bit clean?

	The answer is "sort of".  The problem seems to come from the
	fact that the <sgtty.h> interface is not guaranteed to be eight
	bit clean.  The <termios.h> interface is better, and should be
	eight bit clean in all cases.  If you find an application that
	uses the <sgtty.h> interface, you should either contact the
	author and try and get them to use the termios interface or port
	the code yourself.

	See section 5 for more Terminfo/Termlib information, as well as
	a discussion of the new curses library that is available.


4.1.2	How do you implement quotas on Net/2 derived BSD systems?

	From: tinguely@plains.NoDak.edu (Mark Tinguely)

 	maybe you did not complete the setup, here is a step-by-step 
 	instructions to get them to work:

	1)  make a kernel with "options QUOTA" installed

	2)  edit /etc/fstab and include the kinds of quotas you want, 
	    below I used "userquota", you could also add "groupquota".

	/dev/wd0h		/usr		ufs	rw,userquota 1 2

	3)  for each filesystem that is in /etc/fstab that uses quota,
	    create the file "quota.user" (and "quota.group if appropriate).
	    Above I have user quotas in the /usr filesystem, so I would:

	    # touch /usr/quota.user

	4)  scan filesystem for files ownership (and/or group ownership).

	    # quotacheck -a

	5)  now you can add individual quota limits, if you want to add 
	    the same quotas to the many people, then make a template and 
	    replicate the template.  If they change for each user, then 
	    edit seperately.

	    # edquota tinguely

	 (an editor is kicked up and says something like:

	Quotas for user tinguely:
	  /usr: blocks in use: 11876, limits (soft = 0, hard = 0)
	        inodes in use: 891, limits (soft = 0, hard = 0)

	 a limit of 0 means "unlimited".  Change these to the appropriate 
	 number of blocks.  A soft limit generates a warning, and can be 
	 exceed for period of time (7 days?), after which time a soft limit 
	 is treated like a hard limit.  A hard limit denies new writes.

 	to replicate a template (for this example let us assume "tinguely" 
 	is the template):

	    # edquota -p tinguely user1 user2 user3 ... userN

	6)  turn quotas on (usually done in the /etc/rc file, but turn it 
	    on manually so you do not have to reboot right now:

	    # quotaon

	that should take care of setting up quotas.  You can look at the 
	status of use of files with repquota, the -a option lists all 
	filesystems with quotas.

4.1.3	What are the correct permissions for the /tmp, /usr/tmp, and
	/var/tmp directories?

	All of these directories should be owned by bin, group bin, mode
	1777.  This turns on the sticky bit, so that the only people who
	can remove a file from these directories are the owner and root.


4.2	Available kernel add-ons

4.2.1	Loadable Kernel Modules

	Several strides have been made in the past to reduce the amount
	of 'cruft' that gets into the default kernel.  One way is to
	make the kernel so hard to use that practically no one but a
	person with precisely the 'right' hardware would be able to use
	the system

	Another way is to implement something called 'LKM's or "Loadable
	Kernel Modules".  These are run-time extensions to the system
	that allow the distribution kernel to not include things that
	people might want, but not nxbeed until they get the system up
	and running.  While the security concerns of LKMs are valid,
	their implementation is such a win that the research to
	implement them is well worth it.

	It was really _very_ simple to make these, so this is nothing
	spectacular.  Just something to keep from having to recompile just to
	add msdosfs support to a machine.  ;)

	To try this:

		1)  get ftp://ftp.flame.org/pub/netbsd/lkm.tar.gz

		2)  untar it somewhere.  It will create a subdirectory 
		    called lkm and all extracted files will go in it. 
		    (I use /usr/src, but that may be a bad place)

		3)  follow the directions in lkm/README

	Please mail suggestions, and (especially) fixes and more 
	modules to Michael Graff <explorer@flame.org>.  Once it is 
	clean enough, I'll send it in as a send-pr and see what 
	happens.  :)

	One question which still needs to be resolved is where should 
	these *.o LKM's be installed?  The directory '/usr/lkm' would 
	be a good idea, with the output (modload's -o option) in 
	/var/run/lkm or something like that.


4.3	Other program building type problems.

4.3.1	I am building a program that requires access to the crypt library.  
	Either I have it and it isn't getting copied into the executable, 
	or I don't have it; why?

	This is actually two separate questions, but they are close enough
	to the same that I can answer them here.  The first problem that
	anyone building a 'crypt' aware program needs to remember is that
	the crypt library is a separate library and requires a '-lcrypt' 
	to be added at the end of the link line.  The other half of the 
	problem is the 'US Non Export' policy for DES encryption.  There 
	are several good sources (about one per country) for non-US
	crypt libraries.  IF you are outside the US and need one, look 
	around on some of the NetBSD/FreeBSD/OpenBSD FTP sites in the 
	'local area'.  By the way. I don't have any good URLs for Mars,
	so you might be out of luck.

	OpenBSD doesn't appear to have this problem, since it is a
	"Canadian" product rather than an American one.  Thanks to this,
	there is no restriction on exporting (or importing) the crypt
	library, so it is no longer needed.  With version 2.1 of
	OpenBSD, the crypt library doesn't even exist; it is included in
	the standard library for the system.  


4.3.2	I am having trouble with long file names in my libraries.  It
	seems like there is a 16 character limit in the library
	somewhere.

	There is a 16 character limit, sort of.  The most likely symptom
	for this is that the header for the file _after_ the long file
	name will be mangled.  It turns out that there is a "T" option
	that may not be documented very well that provides the correct
	functionality for long filename support in ar.

4.3.3	I'm getting annoyed with having this "conflicting types for 
	`sys_errlist'" problem show up nearly every time I build a 
	program.  What do I need to do?

	Remove the sys_errlist reference in the source you're compiling.
	You can either delete it (there are advantages to just deleting
	it) or you can wrap a "#ifdef __NetBSD__/#endif" (obviously only
	if you are running NetBSD, FreeBSD and OpenBSD have a similar
	mechanism) pair around it.  There are religious issues 
	regarding the use of sys_errlist that involve either system 
	security (most declaration allow the error list to be written 
	to) or system internals (there's already a well-defined 
	library call that performs the sys_errlist lookup).  An 
	anonymous example is included below:

	Most stupid packages such as GCC expects extern 
	(char*)sys_errlist[] whereas 4.4Lite based systems have more 
	secure extern const (char*) const sys_errlist[] declaration.  
	Just kick that "cccp.c" in the butt and modify the suspicious 
	line.  Hard to believe GCC still doesn't do that.  You're going 
	to have to do lots of this modification as you encounter more of 
	such programs.


4.4	System Administration Questions
4.4.1	Where can I get good books about NetBSD or FreeBSD?

	There is a set of books produced by O'Reilly and associates that
	describe in some detail the 4.4 BSD system.  The six volume set
	includes a book on system administration which directly pertains
	to the operation and management of NetBSD and FreeBSD.  Also see
	the Section 1 for a good list of the books that folks use for
	the system.  There is also a good list of books (specifically
	about writing device drivers) in the 'pcvt' distributions in
	NetBSD, FreeBSD, and OpenBSD.  It is in a file called
	'Bibliography' and contains the pcvt author's list of device
	driver books.


4.4.2	I am concerned about system security.  What should I do to
	protect my system from net attacks?

	With the release of the System Administrators Tool for Analyzing
	Networks (SATAN), network security has suddenly become a serious
	issue.  There are a few things you can do.

	--  Get, read, and understand the CERT advisories
	--  Get SATAN and run it against your own system or network.
	Fix whatever it finds as holes
	--  Get courtney, a program that was written to recognize a
	SATAN attack pattern and notify you whenever someone tries to
	probe your system
	--  Log all failed login attempts (see below)


4.4.3	How can I log failed login attempts?
	
	Failed logins are logged (without the attempted login name) at
	LOG_NOTICE priority.  Failed logins are logged _with_ the 
	attempted login name at LOG_NOTICE priority, and with the 
	LOG_AUTHPRIV facility.

	If you set up some lines in syslog.conf like:

	# The authpriv log file should be restricted access;
	# these messages shouldn't go to terminals or publically-readable files.
	authpriv.*                                      /var/log/secure

	Make absolutely sure, though, that it's really what you want:  
	logging actual supplied logins is often a great way to offer 
	cleartext passwords to an adversary...

	Which is why you have 
	    authpriv.*			/var/log/secure
	...,authpriv.none,...		/var/log/messages

	So none of the authpriv messages (those that actually display 
	the failed login) goto /var/log/messages, but they do go to
	/var/log/secure (which you have with 600 perms.)  Bear in mind
	that this still does not prevent someone that has hacked into
	your system with root privs from reading them.  See 4.4.2 for
	more information.


4.4.4	Can I use a Concatenated Filesystem with NetBSD?

	The "ccd" device (in -current) provides the capability to span a
	file system across multiple hard drive partitions.  Jason Thorpe
	<thorpej@nas.nasa.gov> has been working on it; if you try it and 
	have problems, here are the debug instructions:


4.4.4.1	Why, when I type "ccdconfig ccd0 16 none /dev/wd0a > /dev/wd1a", do
	I get back "ccdconfig: ioctl (CCDIOCSET): /dev/ccd0d: Device not
	configured"?

	Considering that the error comes froom the ioctl (rather than the 
	open) I'm tempted to say it comes from either the vn_open() or 
	subsequent VOP_*() operations on the components.  If you compile 
	your kernel with `options CCDDEBUG' and set the ccddebug variable 
	(near the top of ccd.c or with the ddb) to 0x03, you should be able 
	to see where it fails.  If you could send me that information, 
	that would be most helpful.

	Might be the same problem I had; it turns out that the partitions 
	that you build your concatenated disk device from must not be 
	marked "unused" in their native disks' labels.  This "device not 
	configured" is the way ccdconfig informs you of this condition...  :-)

	Actually, I guess this indicates a need for a special "ccd 
	component" type entry for disklabel?  Or should the partition 
	simply be marked as a "raw" partition, sharing this type with 
	database log partitions etc?

	'Der Mouse' (mouse@collatz.mcrcim.mcgill.edu) adds:

	Personally, I think ccd has no business looking at those 
	partition types.  But I definitely think a special ccd-component 
	partition type is _not_ the way to go; if nothing else, it makes 
	life hard for people running ports using non-NetBSD disk 
	partitions.  For example, under NetBSD/sparc on a disk with 
	a SunOS label, there are no partition types in the label, so 
	it would be impossible to use a ccd that insisted on a special 
	partition type on such a disk.


4.4.5	I am really new to Unix System Administration.  I need some real
	basic help.

4.4.5.1	What is the System Administrator's user name?
4.4.5.2	I can't log in as 'su'.  What does that message mean when I log
	in as root.

	Both of these indicate a newness to Unix System Administration
	that many of the core team members don't even remember.  The
	sysadmin user-id is "root", although you typically don't want to 
	log in directly as root.  A better solution is to log in as root 
	once, create a user-id and password for yourself.  Once you are 
	done with that, you need to modify the /etc/groups file.  This
	identifies the users that are allowed to be part of particular
	groups.  Add your UID to the "wheel" group and log off.  With a
	real UID and password and your UID identified as a "wheel"
	member. you will be able to use the 'su' command to log in as
	yourself and then "switch users" to root.  That, by the way, is
	also what that cryptic message "Don't log in as 'root', use 'su'
	instead." means.

4.4.5.3	Are there any books I can 'bootstrap' myself with?

	Yes.  Here are a couple:


	(1) Nemeth, Snyder, and Seebass, "Unix System Administration i
		Handbook"

	(2) Horspool, "The Berkeley Unix Environment"


4.4.5.4	How about some code examples?


	ftp://ftp.sterling.com:/usenet/alt.sources/        
	ftp://ftp.sterling.com:/usenet/comp.sources/misc
	ftp://ftp.sterling.com:/usenet/comp.sources.unix

	ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu:/usenet/alt.sources/articles/
 	                          /usenet/comp.sources.misc/
 	                          /usenet/comp.sources.unix/

	ftp://src.doc.ic.ac.uk:/usenet/alt.sources/articles/
 	                       /usenet/comp.sources.misc/
 	                       /usenet/comp.sources.unix/


4.5.6	How do I change the default shell for a user?

	There are three ways, listed here from most difficult to least
	difficult:

	1)  Use 'vi' to edit the /etc/master.passwd.  Once you have
	changed the entry you want modified, run the program 
	"pwd_mkdb -p /etc/master.passwd".  This will rebuild the
	password database and update your /etc/passwd file.  Cd to the
	/var/yp directory and run a "make" to update your 'NIS' database
	(important only if you are using NIS).

	2)  Use the 'vipw' program and make your change.  This
	automatically rebuilds the password database and the /etc/passwd
	file.  You still need to update the 'NIS' database on your own.

	3)  Use 'chpass', 'chfn', or 'chsh' programs to update the
	appropriate entry in the password database.  These have the
	advantage of update the NIS stuff automatically.


4.5	Daemon questions
4.5.1	I'd like to use amd to mount a file system (/dev/sd0f aka 
	/usr/local) on another machine as "/usr/local".  What's the 
	magic?

	There are several ways to achieve 'amd nirvana'.  Each of these
	elements below is an important consideration for getting amd to
	work correctly.

	The "-" means use these as defaults, so you need an entry without 
	a "-".  Also, I think one "-..." overrides the previous one 
	completely.

	As a start, you can use the following in your amd.project file:

	usr/local	opts:=rw;type:=nfs;rhost:=hostname;rfs:=/usr/local

	Then run "amd /usr/local /your/map/name -type:=direct".

	One word of warning, however.  In NetBSD 1.0, I couldn't get direct
	mount points to work for some reason.  I don't know if this has been
	fixed or not.

	If you are using a NetBSD 1.0 (or earlier) system, make /usr/local 
	a real symbolic link into an automount filesystem.

	Another instance of the amd.project file might look like this:
	/defaults type:=nfs;opts:=rw,soft,intr,grpid
	local	\
		host==hostname;type:=link;fs=/usr/local ||\
		host!=hostname;rhost:=hostname;rfs:=/usr/local
	
	You amd.master file might look like this:
	/project amd.project

	Here's another example which auto-mounts /usr/src from another 
	machine:

	grizu% ls -lad /usr/src
	lrwxr-xr-x  1 root  wheel  29 Dec 30 15:33 \ (split by ed.)
		/usr/src -> /tmp_mnt/mounts/src10/usr/src

	grizu% cat /etc/amd/master
	/net            /etc/amd/net
	/tmp_mnt/mounts /etc/amd/src
	
	grizu% cat /etc/amd/net
	/defaults       type:=host;fs:=${autodir}/${rhost};rhost:=${key}
	*               opts:=ro,soft,intr

	grizu% cat /etc/amd/src
	/defaults       type:=host;fs:=${autodir}/${rhost};
	src10           opts:=rw,soft,intr;rhost:=rfhu1001

	grizu% grep ^amd /etc/netstart
	amd=YES
	amd_dir=/tmp_mnt                # AMD's mount directory
	amd_master=/etc/amd/master      # AMD 'master' map
	
	grizu% ls -la /tmp_mnt
	total 9
	drwxr-xr-x   5 root  wheel   512 Jan  3 12:09 .
	drwxr-xr-x  26 root  wheel  1024 Jan  3 12:09 ..
	dr-xr-xr-x   3 root  wheel   512 Nov 20 19:29 ftp.uni-regensburg.de
	dr-xr-xr-x   2 root  wheel   512 Jan  4 10:43 mounts
	dr-xr-xr-x   4 root  wheel   512 Dec 11 08:18 rfhu1001
	
	grizu% ls -la /tmp_mnt/mounts
	total 3
	dr-xr-xr-x  2 root  wheel  512 Jan  4 10:43 .
	drwxr-xr-x  5 root  wheel  512 Jan  3 12:09 ..

	I guess that's all. rfhu1001 is the NFS server, grizu the client.
	

4.5.2	I am having trouble with my nameserver refusing to accept
	'nslookup's from my SunOS machine after I installed the resolver
	fix.  The exact error message is "*** Can't find server name for 
	address 194.100.46.2: Query refused". Can you help?

  	From the README file in the BIND distribution:

	    Versions of NSLOOKUP up through BIND 4.8.3's used IQUERY to 
	    ask the local server for information about the server's own 
	    name.  I assume that this was done in a "what the heck, 
	    nothing uses these, how can we contrive a need?" sort of 
	    spirit.  I removed this code as of BIND 4.9's NSLOOKUP and 
	    had it use the standard gethostbyaddr() mechanisms (which 
	    depend on normal queries of PTR data).  Disabling INVQ and 
	    putting "options fake-iquery" in the boot file will cause 
	    IQUERY to be answered bogusly but in a way that old nslookup 
	    programs won't trip on.  INVQ is disabled by default in 
	    conf/options.h.

	So, your options are:

	    -   Add "options fake-iquery" to named.boot and restart the 
		server

	    -   Replace your old, broken nslookup with the one in the 
	        4.9.3 BIND distribution.

	    --  Enable INVQ in conf/options.h, then rebuild and re-install 
		named.  This latter option isn't guaranteed to work.  If 
		you point an old version of nslookup at a server, and the 
		server either is not authoritative for a zone containing 
		the A RR matching the address you are sending the query to, 
		or if this A RR is not in it's cache, then nslookup will 
		still fail even if the server has the INVQ option turned on.


4.5.3	Are there any alternatives to 'NIS' available for NetBSD, et al.?

	Yes, there is 'hesiod' which provides (according to Ted Lemon 
	<mellon@fugue.com>i)another way of distributing databases like
	/etc/passwd, /etc/services, /etc/groups, and so on.  It uses
	DNS, which is (IMHO) slightly more robust and less easily
	subverted than NIS, and doesn't claim to provide authentication
	(authentication is Kerberos's job), so as part of a complete
	system, I think it's a much better solution.  It certainly has 
	a smaller installed base than NIS, though.

	There is also Kerberos IV, which provides similar functionality.
	It is now fully integrated into the all of the *BSD systems and
	works well for network wide authentication.


4.6	Adding new and removing old users.
4.6.1	Where can I FTP the 'adduser' program?

	There is one you can FTP (see the URL below).  You will need to
	be able to use 'vipw' to make it work, but that shouldn't be a
	big problem for most people.

	    ftp://ftp.quick.com.au/pub/unix/adduser.sh

	The man page is there too..

	    ftp://ftp.quick.com.au/pub/unix/adduser.8


4.6.2	Where can I get a 'rmuser' script?

	There is a Perl script called 'removeuser' which should be
	available from one of the 'CPAN' sites.  As soon as someone has
	a URL, let me know.
	
	There is also a FreeBSD 2.2 'rmuser' program which does
	everything the remove program does, plus removes crontab and at
	command entries.

-- 
Dave Burgess                   Network Engineer - Nebraska On-Ramp, Inc.
*bsd FAQ Maintainer / SysAdmin for the NetBSD system in my spare bedroom
"Just because something is stupid doesn't mean there isn't someone that 
doesn't want to do it...."


From burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com Sun Sep 28 14:16:50 1997
Date: 13 Sep 1997 02:00:15 -0500
From: Dave Burgess <burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com>
Newsgroups: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.announce, comp.unix.bsd.freebsd.announce,
    comp.answers, news.answers, comp.unix.openbsd.announce
Subject: [comp.unix.bsd] NetBSD, FreeBSD, and OpenBSD FAQ (Part 6 of 10)
Followup-To: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.misc

Posted-By: auto-faq 3.1.1.2
Archive-name: 386bsd-faq/part6

Section 5.	(Kernel Replacements)

5.0	Introduction

5.1	A replacement curses program/library.

	It is generally accepted that the NetBSD curses can be easily
	replaced by the ncurses package.  It is more complete and offers
	much better support for shared libraries and other advanced
	features.  The current (early 1995 version) is 1.8.5 and is
	available from ftp://ftp.netcom.com:/pub/zm/zmbenhal/ncurses/

	OpenBSD comes with a different curses package, called XSI
	curses and uses the termlib library for user code.  The original
	curses code is still available in the <ocurses.h> include file
	and the -locurses library.  The code in the termlib library is
	smart enough to recognize and handle both termcap and termlib
	database parsing.

	(Ed.Note)  The X/Open curses standard is becoming the de facto
	standard (or perhaps imposed standard) for curses under Unix
	systems.  XSI implements this X/Open curses completely, and is
	being used by lots of folks.  FreeBSD and NetBSD will either
	develop their own compatible version or will use XSI like
	OpenBSD does.


5.2	Floppy Disk problems.

5.2.1	How do I get a bootable floppy?

	Several ways, ranging from brain-dead-but-works to simplest.  
	Classification into categories is left to the reader (is there 
	really a difference between 'brain-dead' and 'simple'?:')

	1) rawrite (or dd) dist.fs (or fixit.fs) to a disk,
	   mount it, cd to the mount point, and execute:

		rm -rf .

	   you now have a bootable floppy!;^}

	2) Take your existing dist.fs or fixit.fs boot disk and
	   diskcopy it on a DOS machine.  Mount and rm as in 1)
	   above.  Again, you have a bootable floppy!;^}

	3) Run disklabel on the floppy, e.g.:

		disklabel -w -r fd0a floppy5

	   where 'floppy5' is a 'name' for an entry in the /etc/disktab
	   file.  You'll get a couple of ioctl errors because writing a 
	   label to a floppy isn't supported (yet?), but the boot blocks 
	   have indeed been written.

	4) Write the boot blocks to the floppy:

		cat /usr/mdec/fdboot /usr/mdec/bootfd | dd of=/dev/rfd0a

	   or, more simply:

		cat /usr/mdec/fdboot /usr/mdec/bootfd > /dev/rfd0a

	Methods 3) and 4) require you to run newfs on the floppy, e.g.:

	newfs /dev/rfd0a floppy5

	If you have a floppy that was originally bootable, but the boot
	blocks were somehow damaged, you can use method 3) or 4) to
	restore boot-ability (do _NOT_ run newfs).  You _could_, through
	the convolutions of copying a floppy whose boot blocks are damaged
	to a temporary location and then re-copying to a bootable floppy,
	use method 1) or 2) (if you really want to!;^})

	5)  If the disk is already newfs'ed and is otherwise ready to use,
	disklabel will write the boot blocks on the disk.  Read the man page
	for disklabel.


5.2.2	How do I maximize the space on a mountable floppy disk.

	As you all know, when you are working with a floppy, it is usually
	more important that the floppy have a lot of room, rather than a
	lot of other 'stuff'.  Here is the magic incantation that will
	maximize the amount of free space on the disk.

		newfs -Tfloppy[35] -i[4096 | 8192] -c 80 /dev/fd[0|1]a

	This leaves the disk with fewer inodes and only one cylinder group.


5.3	Character Device Driver info

	These devices are also often referred to as character devices.
	
5.3.1	Printers

	NetBSD and FreeBSD both include both an interrupt and
	non-interrupt driven parallel driver in their stock 
	manifestations.

	It is possible to connect a serial printer to either.  This brief
	tutorial is provided by Daryl Berryhill 
	(djberry2@b25info.b25.ingr.com)

	The way I got my printer to work.

	1) connect a 25 pin to 9 pin null modem cable to printer and 
	   computer.
	2) set printer to 9600 baud, 7 data bits, even parity.
	3) configure /dev/com1 (DOS COM2) port the same way as the printer
	4) add a line to /etc/printcap that says:
	       lp|local line printer:\
		  :lp=/dev/com2:wq:sd=/var/spool/lpd:lf=/var/log/lpd-errs:\
		  :br#9600
	5) type "lpr <add filename here>"
	6) type "lpd"
	   and it should start printing.

	An obvious point, but make sure that you do NOT start a getty on 
	on the com port.  Check the /etc/ttys file and make sure that 
	the com port you select is not active.

	There have been many reports in the past of people not being able 
	to get their parallel port printer working.  One of the problems
	seems to be cables.  Another problem may be with the hardware.  
	A seemingly stupid suggestion is to replace your printer card with
	the cheapest parallel port card you can find.  I am using a $10
	single parallel, two serial port card that I got from Altex.  
	Works great.

	In addition, there are people that want to set up multiple printer
	queues using the BSD queuing mechanism.  Here is a brief tutorial:

	Lpf is mainly intended for processing text and nroffed output...it 
	isn't anything clean...it will do certain games that will mess up 
	PCL output.

	If you're producing straight PCL or PostScript (assuming your LJ 
	takes it), then you want to print directly to the printer w/o any 
	processing.  

	What you really want is a "physical" queue that does no processing, 
	and several logical queues that map back to the physical queue and 
	do processing...or one "smart" queue that does file content 
	recognition and then maps to the raw queue.

	I do something like this for my DeskJet.  There is one raw queue 
	and several logical queues (some postscript that do different 
	resolutions and color depth, some text that do various formatting, 
	etc).  When I get the time I'll be trying to set up a "smarter" 
	queue using aps and maybe some bits from flexfax.

	To map logical to physical queues either use a filter that pipes 
	back into lpr -P<rawqueue> itself, or just point it at the "raw" 
	queue using something like:

	textlp|Text Printing:\
	    :lp=/dev/null:\
	    :if=/usr/libexec/lpr/lpf:\
	    :rm=localhost:\
	    :rp=lj.raw:

	And other entries as needed, you get the idea...to use an output 
	filter instead of the rm/rp approach (more efficent), you can get 
	away with something like:

	    :of=/usr/local/bin/printraw:

	where /usr/local/bin/printraw looks like this:

	#!/bin/sh
	cat | lpr -h -Plj.raw


5.3.2	Terminals/Keyboards

	Terminals are relatively simple to add.  It involves making sure
	the /etc/ttys file identifies the com port (com0, com00, or tty00 
	depending on your configuration) as an active port and a getty is
	running.  The man page for ttys and getty help explain this.

	Many people report that there are sometimes problems running some
	programs on a remote terminal.  There are some known bugs in the
	terminal handler where the parity and bits per character are 
	concerned.  They are being worked on.


5.3.3	Modems/FAX Modems 

5.3.3.1	How do I add a modem to *BSD:

5.3.3.4	Adding a Dial-in/Dial-out FAX to NetBSD or FreeBSD.

	First, here is the known working configuration for these 
	instructions:

	  - HylaFAX 3.0 beta 100. 
	  - Zoom VFX V.32bis Faxmodem; 
	  - Rockwell datapump.

	1: Start faxq from rc.local, no options on the command line.

	Add a line to your /etc/rc.local which starts up the faxq
	program.  Do not include any options on the command line.

	2: Stary faxgetty from init, i.e. a line in /etc/ttys.

	I use the non modem control device; however, it's nonstandard
	hardware and I've modified the driver to always return sighup
	on lost carrier to solve some sticky problems with non modem
	control devices never getting SIGHUP's.

	Basically, I just did as the directions said to do. I ran 
	'faxaddmodem' script to configure the type of modem. I did 
	have to simplify some lines in the script (the ones executed 
	in a subshell) since I think my version of bash doesn't handle 
	subshells correctly.

	RTFM and you should be OK unless your modem is brain dead and
	stupid, not too unlikely to given the current state of Fax
	modems... B^(.


5.3.4	What is the trick for getting Kermit to work with rz and sz?

	Add these lines to your .kermrc file.  They should do the trick.

	define sz !sz \%1 \%2 \%3 \%4 \%5 \%6 \%7 \%8 \%9 < \v(line) > \v(line)
	define rz !rz \%1 \%2 \%3 \%4 \%5 \%6 \%7 \%8 \%9 < \v(line) > \v(line)


5.4	Tape Drives

	This section should help out for those of you that have either
	never used tape drives before, or only have experience with them
	as non-Unix devices.


5.4.1	Does the tape need to be formatted?

	It depends, but I think usually not.  And when it is necessary,
	I don't know how it would be done.  One thing is for certain, 
	though, first....  NEVER use the block devices..  erase them and 
	forget you ever saw them.  All operations on tape should be to 
	the character device (rst0).


5.4.2	If I execute the command 'st -f /dev/st0 status', I get:
		Archive/Tandberg? tape drive, residual=0, blocksize=512
		Density: high = 16 (0x10), medium = 15 (0xf), low = 5 (0x5)
		ds=0
		er=0

	so to write to tape at high-density (QIC-150), presumably I want 
	to use a device with minor number +4 (in st.c, density is computed as
	minor >> 2 & 0x03, where low density == 3 and high == 1):

	You have the idea.. density is controlled by bits 2 and 3

		00 = default
		01 = hi density
		10 = medium density
		11 = low density, 

	Unless the driver knows about you kind of drive the density values
	may need to be set by hand before they make any sense.


5.4.3	When is erst0 used?

	e stands for 'eject' and is bit 1 of the minor.. 
	e.g. eject on close.. many devices can't actually do this.

	There is actually a method to this whole thing:

		r = raw		(rst0)
		e = eject	(erst0)
		n = No rewind	(nrst0 or maybe nerst0)


5.4.4	How is density (bpi) computed?  I am using 3M DC 6250 cassettes 
	which have a 250MB capacity on the Viper 150.  But computing the 
	bits/inch based on 250MB/tape-length (1020 ft.), I get a density 
	of 171335 bpi, which is nowhere near the 10000 bpi associated 
	with QIC-150 in the st(1) man page.  Why the discrepancy?

	These cartridge tapes are written in narrow tracks which 
	alternately begin at opposite ends of the tape.  Track 0 starts 
	at the beginning of the tape, and Track 1 starts at the other 
	end, etc.

	So, how many times does the tape go backwards and forwards?  If 
	there are 17 tracks, your density is 170000 bpi if it is 10000
	bpi per track.  The more tracks, the lower the bpi/track.


5.4.5	How is an appropriate block size determined (and in what units 
	are they specified in the st(1) command)?

	QIC 150 and below should stick to 512 byte blocks a write of 
	1024 bytes from the program will be written as 2 512 byte blocks 
	with no speed penalty.  dd will think it's writing a 1024 byte 
	block but on tape it's 2 x 512.

	Stick to 512 on QIC 150 or less if you ever hope to swap data 
	with anyone else.


5.4.6	From the 4.3BSD mtio(4) man page, it sounds like data is typically
	(traditionally?) stored on tape in eof-terminated sequences of 
	1K records.  

5.4.6.1	Is st's notion of "file" the record sequence between two eof marks?  

5.4.6.2	What about a "record"?  

5.4.6.3	Is a "record" one "block", as determined by st's "blocksize" command?   
	If not, what is the connection between them?  

5.4.6.4	Can I change the "record" size?  
5.4.6.5	When would I want a block size that is different from the default?  
	1KB is the size of writes used by dd or whatever.  QIC specifies 
	512 byte records (well at least its what people use..)  Whatever 
	you write in will be broken into 512 byte sections.  They must be 
	multiples of 512 though.

	If you have written to a tape, a close will automatically append a 
	filemark (eof mark).  You may read the 512 byte blocks back as 
	512 byte records or as 1024 byte records (in which case you'll 
	get 2 at once).  The bigger the unit, the more efficient.

5.4.7.1	How do I write several archives to a single tape?  I tried without 
	success:
		$ st -f /dev/rst4 rewind
		$ tar cf /dev/nst4 archive1
		$ st -f /dev/nrst4 weof
		$ tar cf /dev/nst4 archive2
		$ st -f /dev/nrst4 weof

	First:  throw away the block devices.

	'n' stands for 'No-Rewind-on-close' and will leave the tape 
	positioned ready for another file e.g.

		tar -cf /dev/nrst0 archive1
		tar -cf /dev/nrst0 archive2


5.4.7.2	Later, I would expect to be able to access, say, archive3 via the fsf
	directive to skip over the first two archives.  What is the correct
	sequence?

		st -f /dev/nrst0 rewind
		st -f /dev/nrst0 fsf 2
		tar -xf /dev/rst0 {files}


5.4.8	Since the Viper 150 writes on QIC-150/120, I guess I don't need 
	to worry about writing variable-length records?  How about reading 
	a tape written with variable-length records.  Is this possible 
	with the Viper?  If so, what's involved?


	Who would have written it? :-)

	Presently you can't.  You`re right.  Don't worry about it.

	The new 'st' changes will change this somewhat, though.


5.4.9	The very scant documentation that came with my drive mentions
	a "selectable buffer disconnect size," whose default is 16K.
	This is evidently the "maximum number of bytes that can be 
	sent over the SCSI bus during a single data transfer phase."  
	What's that?  How is it connected st's "blocksize" command?  
	Do I want to use 16K blocks, or might I even want to set the 
	disconnect size to a higher value?

	This suggests that 32 512 blocks will be written at a time.
	This jives with the tape format for some of the lower density 
	cartridges (QIC-40 and 80, for example).  The tape is written 
	in blocks of 32 512-byte blocks, with the last three being used
	for Error Correction Codes.  

	Use dd or tar with 16 k blocks and 32 x 512 byte blocks will be 
	written.

	Also see 5.4.15 (below) for more information if you are using an
	Archive Viper tape drive.


5.4.10	What is "streaming"?  When I tar a directory of files to tape,
	I notice that the tape often stops.  Streaming means it doesn't 
	stop?  How would I get the viper 150 to stream using tar or cpio 
	or dump?

	Use a bigger write size... (more efficient)  Try 16k blocks.

5.4.13	My tape drive doesn't work.  

	OK.  There are lots of reasons why it may not.  The most obvious is
	that there are no devices associated with the device in the kernel.
	You can check this through the use of the 'dmesg' command.  Look
	for tape drives.

	If your tape drive is connected to your floppy controller, it may
	or may not be supported.  Several manufacturers of QIC-40/QIC-80
	mini-cartridge drives are supported natively in FreeBSD and 
	experimentally in NetBSD.  Some aren't (mine for example, is not).


5.4.14	I am trying to restore a tape from a FreeBSD machine on a Sun.
	What kinds of problems should I expect?

	The default blocksize should not be a problem, since they are
	both 20K.  You may need to use "dd if=/dev/rst0 conv=swab |
	<archiver>" instead of extracting directly from tape, just
	in case the byte order causes a problem.  This is especially
	true if you don't use the 'a' and 'c' options in cpio, for
	example.


5.4.15	What are the jumper settings for the Archive Viper tape drive? 

	Vipers can't do auto-detection. You have to create different 
	devices for different densities. Minor number 8 = 120Mb, 
	4 = 150Mb and 12 = QIC-24 (60Mb).  At least this is the only 
	way it works for me, and since it do I haven't bothered to 
	find out why minor 0 doesn't.  If you have a 2525 (525Mb) 
	it uses  ST_Q_SENSE_HELP quirk but it might not work.

	The cfg0-2 switches is for setting the disconnect size, e.g. 
	the maximum size transfered before disconnect to allow other 
	SCSI devices to access the bus. Jumper in sets bit to 1.

		0 = 2kb
		1 = 4kb
		2 = 6kb
		3 = 8kb
		4 = 12kb
		5 = 16kb
		6 = 24kb
		7 = 32kb
	
	I'm using my viper at id 4 and disconnect size 16k. Works 
	perfectly.

5.4.16	My Viper-150 auto-detects fine; however, the first attempt to
	read a tape fails after a boot due to an "illegal SCSI 
	command".  What could be the problem?

	I assume that the driver is trying to use some SCSI-2 
	command to set the default density -- but after that, the 
	drive is perfectly happy to do the tedious density check and 
	off it goes.  I've read all three densities on the drive.  Once
	the drive is set up and the driver realizes there is no density
	command, it just brute forces the drive density and off it goes.


5.4.17	Why haven't we changed the defaults in rdump and rrestore to
	something that makes sense?  I was trying to dump a filesystem 
	to a remote tape and ran into an error complaining about being 
	unable to execute /etc/rmt.  

	Of course, if you get this error, this program doesn't exist.  
	This information comes from ../src/sbin/dump/pathnames.h.  The 
	reason we still use /etc/rmt and /dev/rmt8 is because the 
	rdump and rrestore protocol call for those names.  

	This problem usually won't show up unless the original
	installation of the system was done before NetBSD 0.9 *AND* the
	etc.tar.gz distribution was never done.  This distribution fixes
	this problem by creating the symbolic link from where rmt lives
	to /etc/rmt.  The Makefile for rmt should also create this link
	(I'd check before assuming it does.)


5.5	Network Stuff

	Network devices for NetBSD and FreeBSD include many types of
	Ethernet cards, as well as Serial Line IP and Point to Point
	Protocol.


5.5.1	How can I get my system to work as a network router?

	The first hurdle to overcome is that the default kernels do not
	have the GATEWAY option compiled in.  Without this, it is very
	nearly impossible to use the kernel as a router.

	Once you have the GATEWAY option compiled in, all sorts of things
	magically start to work.  If you haven't got the GATEWAY option
	enabled, you can also use 'sysctl -w net.inet.ip.forwarding=1'
	if you are using FreeBSD or NetBSD versions that support that.
	Remember, once you build the new kernel, you will need to
	install it in the root directory and reboot.

	Once you have the forwarding option set, you will need to make
	certain that you have not included the '-q' option to routed.
	This should be in the routed_flags keyword in /etc/netstart.  If
	you are using multiple internal LANs, you may also want to
	invest in gated instead (see below).

	For those folks that are not using routed, you will need to make
	certain that you have a static route to your network provider
	established.  

	To test your network capability, try running the following
	command:
		
		traceroute -s YOUR_ETHERNET_ADDRESS 129.186.150.150

	Check to see where your packets are hanging up.  It might be
	that someone upstream from you has something broken instead of
	simply assuming it is your fault.


5.5.2	I recently had a problem where I got a message that said "panic: 
	kmem_malloc: mb_map too small".  What is the solution to this
	problem?

	The second hurdle is that sometimes you run out of cluster 
	allocation space in the kernel. This is probably network-related 
	and usually shows up when something is being done using the 
	network (like NFS).  The way to get around this would be to 
	change the value of NMBCLUSTERS in your config file. NMBCLUSTERS 
	is set at 256 by default, and increased to 512 when the GATEWAY 
	option is active. To be very safe, you could add

		options	 NMBCLUSTERS=1024

	to your config file, and recompile. This is reported to work
	with systems that crashed as soon as a large number of people 
	(75+) were connected to it.


5.5.3	Does anyone have an example of a working gated.conf file? I
	can't figure these instructions out at all.

	Here is a sample config file for a machine which has two cards, 
	one of the cards has an alias created like so: 

	ifconfig de1 inet 199.232.137.65 mask 255.255.255.192 alias

	Gated is running with this config:

	interfaces {
	    interface de0 passive;
	    interface de1 passive;
	};

	ospf yes {
	    backbone {
		networks {
		    199.232.136.0 mask 255.255.255.0;
		    199.232.137.0 mask 255.255.255.0;
		};
		interface de0;
	    };
	};

	export proto ospfase {
		proto direct {
			199.232.136.160 mask 255.255.255.224;
			199.232.137.0 mask 255.255.255.0;
		};
	};

	All routing and networking is fine right after I start gated.  
	However, if I leave out the 'interface passive' section, gated 
	shuts down the two routes on de1 after a couple of minutes.  


5.5.4	How do I set up Multicasting on my system?

	If you're trying to join the Mbone, you need to find someone 
	willing to provide you with a "feed", and that person's router 
	will be at the other end of your tunnel. If you're just trying to 
	set up your own private little multicast domain, then you need to 
	set up other such routers on other subnets and interconnect them 
	with tunnels. If you just want to run a little multicast testbed 
	on a single subnet, you don't need any multicast routers at all! 
	See the Mbone FAQ at: 

	   http://www.mediadesign.co.at/newmedia/more/mbone-faq.html

	for more detailed information on all of this...


5.6	I want to use my ZIP drive.  Are there any weird things I need
	to know?

	One of the things that "just work" are ZIP drives.  The -current
	code for both FreeBSD and NetBSD handle ZIP drives very cleanly.
	One of the unusual things about ZIP drives is that most people
	don't know (and the man page is deliberately vague about) is
	once a person has permission to write to the ZIP drive, they can
	mount it onto a directory in their space.  This is new with the
	adoption of BSD 4.4, so it isn't really surprising that it is
	new.
-- 
Dave Burgess                   Network Engineer - Nebraska On-Ramp, Inc.
*bsd FAQ Maintainer / SysAdmin for the NetBSD system in my spare bedroom
"Just because something is stupid doesn't mean there isn't someone that 
doesn't want to do it...."


From burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com Sun Sep 28 14:16:40 1997
Date: 13 Sep 1997 02:00:17 -0500
From: Dave Burgess <burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com>
Newsgroups: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.announce, comp.unix.bsd.freebsd.announce,
    comp.answers, news.answers, comp.unix.openbsd.announce
Subject: [comp.unix.bsd] NetBSD, FreeBSD, and OpenBSD FAQ (Part 7 of 10)
Followup-To: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.misc

Posted-By: auto-faq 3.1.1.2
Archive-name: 386bsd-faq/part7

Section 6.	(Interaction with MS-DOS)

6.0	Working with DOS and BNR/2 related software.

	This section is designed to cover some of the more common 
	problems that DOS will have when interacting with BNR/2.
	There are other sections of the FAQ that deal with 
	indirectly with this .  Try looking in sections 0, 1, and 2
	to see if something in there (particularly when talking 
	about DOS and *BSD coexisting on a single drive).

	
6.1	Formatting a floppy

	Formatting a floppy under NetBSD is possible through the the patch 
	file stored at ftp://cynjut.neonramp.com/pub/fdformat.patch 

	This patch appears to be for NetBSD 1.2 (release).  Obviously,
	use it at your own risk.

	FreeBSD (and I think OpenBSD) both have floppy formatting built
	into their systems in fairly recent versions.
	

6.2	Sharing the Disk with MS-DOS

	There are a myriad of questions about how to share a disk between
	*BSD and MS-DOS.  They all boils down to one of the <n> following
	questions:

	1)  How can I partition my drive for both MS-DOS and *BSD?
	2)  I can install using the whole disk, but I can't install when 
	I try to share the drive between *BSD and MS-DOS.  Why?
	3)  I can use either MS-DOS or *BSD on my hard drive,
	but shutdown -todos doesn't seem to work.


6.2.1	How can I partition my drive to support both MS-DOS and *bsd?

	NOTE:  Before attempting to install *bsd on a computer with an
	active DOS partition, ALWAYS back up your hard drive.  No one on 
	the net, no matter how talented, can help you recover a hosed 
	MS-DOS file system.  If you lose all of your data, it is YOUR
	fault.

	During the install phase, you need to have un-allocated space left
	on your disk drive.  This allows the install program to correctly
	install the *bsd partition in the partition table and DOS to
	peacefully co-exist with *bsd.

	If you do not have any space available on your hard drive, you will
	not be able to install both.  Re-fdisk your hard drive and make
	sure you have left un-allocated space in the partition table.  
	This WILL wipe out your DOS partition - Permanently.

	Even though the partition table procedure above may have worked, 
	there are still no guarantees that your system will boot after
	the install.  This problem most often manifests itself as one of
	the endless reboot problems.  You would normally be able to boot
	DOS from the hard disk, but not *bsd (once that partition is
	marked as active).

	Once the partition table has been correctly defined with both
	DOS and *bsd, there can still be problem.  One of the most
	common is that the disk drive works in some sort of translation
	mode.  This is particularly common with drives that physically have
	more than 1024 cylinders.  DOS cannot access a drive with more than
	1024 cylinders.  Translation mode will have to be turned off, usually
	by redefining your hard drive in SETUP as one of the user definable
	types.  This change will normally trash your hard drive, or at least
	render your DOS partition unreadable.

	The solution to this problem is to install *bsd at the end of the
	hard drive.  While DOS cannot use cylinders above 1024, *bsd has
	no such limitations, once it has booted.  During the boot-up phase,
	some of the newer boot blocks will refer to the BIOS for some
	services.  Specifically, the disk is checked for a bad sector map
	on the last track.  Since the BIOS cannot deal with cylinders
	higher than 1024, your bad sector map will be incorrectly
	identified as 1023 if the number of cylinders is larger than that.
	This problem is being worked on, and I hope to change this section
	with better news later.

	NOTE:  The only people that this problem will effect are those 
	MFM and ESDI users that have drives with more than 1023 tracks.  
	While drives of this type are not the overwhelming majority, 
	neither are they an anomaly.  People are working on it.

	As an example, if your hard disk physically has 8 heads, 16 sectors 
	per track, and 2000 cylinders (128M); you MUST use some sort of disk
	translation in order to use the entire drive.  An obvious geometry
	for this drive (for DOS) would be 16 heads, 16 sectors, and 1000
	cylinders.  Unfortunately, *bsd operates using the disk drives
	native geometry as reported during the probe phase of boot up.  This
	will probably be 8/16/2000, and will NOT agree with your translated
	disk geometry.  This causes an endless reboot cycle.  If you change
	the geometry so that the drive agrees with the disklabel, your DOS
	partition is toast.

	The best way to operate in this case would be to (for example)
	split the disk in half.  That leaves 64M for DOS, using a 
	geometry of 8 heads, 16 sectors per track, and the first 1000 
	cylinders for DOS.  The second 1000 cylinders could then safely
	be used for *bsd.  The DOS partition table may even be capable of
	showing this partition as it actually exists.

		ACCESSING MS-DOS PARTITIONS FROM NetBSD-i386

	First off, it's important to understand BSD disklabels.  The 
	disklabel is a description of the Unix partition layout and other 
	disk parameters stored on-disk, usually somewhere in the first 
	couple of sectors.  There is a maximum of 8 partitions, labelled 
	"a" thru "h".  Typically partition "a" is assigned to the root 
	partition, partition "b" is configured as a swap area, and 
	partition "c" is defined as the whole disk.  You can change these, 
	but it's a good idea to stick with this scheme, as many programs 
	assume that's the way things are going to be.

	If you're whole disk is dedicated to Unix, then that's all you 
	need to know.  But if you're sharing your disk with DOS, then 
	there are a few magical things happening.

	DOS has it's own partitioning scheme.  The way NetBSD co-exists 
	with this is to fit all of the Unix partitions into one DOS 
	partition.  So partitions a-h all fit inside one DOS partition, 
	which has a partition type of 165 (each MS-DOS partition has a 
	"partition type" associated with it.  The BSD partition type is 
	165).  In this setup, partition "c" refers to the entire BSD 
	partition.  But in this scheme, partition "d" refers to the ENTIRE 
	disk, MS-DOS partitions and all.

	So, if you want to access your MS-DOS partition from NetBSD, first 
	you'll have to create a partition that points to the MS-DOS 
	partition.  You'll want to run the command:

	disklabel -e -r /dev/r??0d	(fill in with your disk type).

	You'll get popped into an editor with all the disklabel stuff in 
	it.  Go down to the bottom.  You should see something like:

	6 partitions:
	#        size   offset    fstype   [fsize bsize   cpg]
  	a:    30720   409600    4.2BSD     1024  8192    16   # (Cyl...
  	b:   129024   440320      swap                        # (Cyl...
  	c:  1617920   409600    unused        0     0         # (Cyl...
  	d:  2029568        0    unused        0     0         # (Cyl...
  	e:    61440   569344    4.2BSD     1024  8192    16   # (Cyl...
  	f:  1396736   630784    4.2BSD     1024  8192    16   # (Cyl...
	
	(or whatever it appropriate for your disk).  Note that partition 
	"a" starts on cylinder 200.  That's where my BSD partition starts 
	on my disk.  Also note that partition "c" starts at 200 as well 
	and goes to the end of the disk.  You'll also note that partition 
	"d" goes from sector 0 all the way to the end of the disk.
	
	Add a new line that looks something like:
	
  	g:   409568       32    MS-DOS                  # (Cyl.    0*- 199*)
	
	(The comment on the end isn't necessary.  Only the partition 
	letter, size, offset, and partition type are needed.  You can 
	put unused in instead of MS-DOS if you want).
	
	*NOTE* Be sure to change the line that says "6 partitions" to the 
	new number of partitions that you have!!!  Otherwise you'll get an 
	obscure error.  In my case I'd change that line to be "7 partitions".  
	If you aren't sure what your MS-DOS partition size and offsets are, 
	you can use the NetBSD fdisk to find them out.  Don't forget that 
	there's a maximum of 8 partitions.  

	Once you do that and you have MSDOSFS configured into your kernel, 
	you can just do something like "mount -t msdos /dev/sd0g /msdos".  
	Or you can put a line like this in your fstab:
	
	/dev/sd0g /msdos msdos rw 0 0
	
	If you want to access a DOS-only HD from NetBSD, here are some 
	instructions posted by Charles Hannum a while back.  I haven't 
	tried them myself, but they seem like they would work.
	
	Assuming you don't have something (like OS-BS) which uses the extra
	sectors in the boot track, you can do the following:

	1) Use the NetBSD `fdisk' or DOS `pfdisk' to create a NetBSD 
	partition in the MBR which spans the entire disk.

	2) Save a copy of the MBR:

		dd if=/dev/rsd0d of=my-mbr bs=1b count=1

	3) Use `disklabel' to create a NetBSD label with the DOS partition 
	and whatnot.  Answer `y' when it asks you if you want to `overwrite 
	[a] disk with [a] DOS partition table'.

	4) Put back the saved copy of the MBR:

		dd if=my-mbr of=/dev/rsd0d bs=1b count=1

	This works for me.  Your mileage may vary.

	Luke Mewburn <zak@rmit.edu.au> has provided the following tutorial on 
	using the pfdisk program and making your *bsd/NetBSD partitions
	peacefully coexist with DOS.  While this is kind of a 'cookbook' 
	approach, please keep in mind that this is probably easily 
	transferable to all BNR derived Unices.


6.2.2	I can install using the whole disk, but I can't install when 
	I try to share the drive between *BSD and MS-DOS.  Why?

	This is an extension of the question above.  The most common 
	reason for this is, once again, disk translation problems.  If 
	the disklabel does not agree with the disk geometry, the install 
	will fail.  Other incarnations of this problem are that you can 
	install DOS, then *BSD, and DOS will be hosed, or vice versa.

	There are more than a couple of people who will blithely suggest 
	that this is a good thing, and you should install *BSD exclusively,
	job not withstanding.


6.2.4	Is there any hope of ever running MS-DOS applications under any of
	the free BSD systems?

	There is currently a project in development to port the Windows 
	program environment to Linux and the *BSD systems.  Here is an
	excerpt from the original message announcing the project:

	As many of you already know, we are in the process of creating a
	Windows emulator.  This emulator is similar to Sun's Wabi product, 
	but is being developed completely independent of them.  Many of 
	you are anxious to hear the latest status of the project.  I have 
	created a mailing list for those of you.  To join the list, simply 
	send mail to:

	wine-project-info@amscons.com

	If your mailing address is not easy to deduce from the mail 
	headers, then place the following line in the body of the message 
	that you send.

	Reply-To: youraddress@yourmachine

	where youraddress@yourmachine should be replaced by your actual 
	mailing address.


6.2.5	How do I get Linux executables to run under NetBSD?

	First, you need to make certain your kernel has LINUX_COMPAT as
	one of the options for your kernel.  Second, you will need the
	libraries for Linux.  You can find the Linux supporting binaries 
	for NetBSD i386 at ftp://ftp.enigma.net/pub/netbsd_i386.  There
	are instructions there to tell you how to get the libraries
	working correctly.  

	With VERY new versions of NetBSD (NetBSD 1.3A and above) the
	kernel option for Linux compatibility have changed.  All ELF and
	COFF executables, as well as native Linux executables will be
	included as part of the same option.


6.3	Accessing the MS-DOS filesystem 

	One of the most common MS-DOS related questions (with the possible
	exception of 6.2 above) is how to access the DOS disk partitions
	from *BSD.  

	--------------------------------------------------------------------
		How to mount your DOS partition from FreeBSD

	1. First, be root.  The following won't work as an ordinary user.

	2. Second, use 'fdisk' to see where your DOS partition starts.  
	It will be labeled as type DOS.  On my system, 'fdisk /dev/sd0d' 
	produces the following:

		... (extraneous output, not of interest) ...
	The data for partition 0 is:
	sysid 6,(Primary 'big' DOS (> 32MB))
	    start 32, size 306400 (149 Meg), flag 0
	        beg: cyl 0/ sector 1/ head 1;
	        end: cyl 149/ sector 32/ head 39

	    This shows me that my DOS partition starts at sector 32, and 
	is 306400 (512 byte) sectors long.

	NOTE:  If you're trying to mount a DOS `EXTENDED' partition, then 
	you need to add the number of sectors per track to this start 
	address you got from fdisk in subsequent calculations, I.E. in 
	the above example (assuming it was an EXTENDED partition rather 
	than the Primary), you'd use `start 64, size 306400'.

	[Ed.Note.  This example assumes a SCSI disk.  For disks with a 
	number of sectors per track which is different than 32, you will
	probably see the 32s above replaced with your number of sectors
	per track. IDE, MFM, and ESDI drives are all examples where the
	number of sectors per track is likely to NOT be 32.]

	3. Next, using this information, you craft a new disk entry in your
	   /etc/disktab file that assigns one of your unused "UNIX" 
	   partitions to this DOS region.  Again, using my system as a 
	   default, you see I've created:

	disk0|DEC 5501:\
		:ty=winchester:dt=SCSI:se#512:nt#8:ns#256:nc#1001:rm#3600:\
		:pa#956416:oa#307200:ba#8192:fa#1024:ta=4.2BSD:\
		:pb#131072:ob#1263616:tb=swap:\
		:pc#1087488:oc#307200:tc=UNUSED:\
		:pe#306400:oe#32:te=MSDOS:

	   As you can see, partition 'e' now points to the DOS partition as
	   pointed out by fdisk.

	   [Ed.Note again.  Remember what I said about the 32 above...]
	   
	   Also, there may be a problem with some versions of disklabel
	   not recognizing the MSDOS (or MS-DOS, depending) in the te:
	   entry above.  You may need to run a "disklabel -e" to get the
	   partition type to 'stick'. 

	4. Now we have to actually stick the label on the disk, which is done
	   with disklabel.  Using my example, this would be:

	    disklabel -r -w sd0 disk0 SCSI /usr/mdec/sdboot /usr/mdec/bootsd

	5. Reboot your system to see the new disk label.

	6. Mount the DOS partition.  I do:

		mount -t pcfs /dev/sd0e /dos_c

	   Where /dos_c is just a convenient directory to mount it.

	7. You're set!

	With the exception that the '-t' option is msdos in NetBSD, these 
	instructions seem to work with the same facility for NetBSD.  I
	also received a note a couple of weeks ago (that I promptly deleted
	because I new that I would remember what it said) that DOS extended
	partitions are readable if you skip the first 'n' blocks in your 
	computations (where 'n' is your number of sectors per track).  This 
	way, you skip over the 'new' part of the DOS file system.  That means 
	that instead of the oe:32 above, you would need an oe:48 instead.  

	Also remember that the compressed file system in DOS 6 will probably
	be completely Greek to your NetBSD/FreeBSD system.  I seriously 
	doubt that you will be able to read the compressed DOS file system
	anytime in the foreseeable future.
     

6.4	NFS/PC-NFS support

	The problems normally associated with PC-NFS are also associated 
	with NFS in general.  


6.4.1	Can I use 8K packets for NFS?  When I try, I have all kinds of 
	problems.  Specifically, I get 'ring buffer overflows' or the
	performance is real bad.

	In addition to the NE2000 card, this problem can also manifest 
	itself on other ISA networks cards that have a limited amount of
	memory.  Ken Raeburn (raeburn@cambridge.cygnus.com) has identified 
	a common problem with the NE2000 card and provided us with a work
	around:

	--------------------------------------------------------------------
	I reported previously that I was seeing problems reading files over
	NFS using the NE2000 driver; timeouts would eventually be reported, no
	data would be read.  Listing files and directories (small ones
	anyway) were not a problem.

	In the meantime, mounting NFS file systems with "rsize=1024" does get
	rid of this problem.

	Ken
	--------------------------------------------------------------------

	As a matter of policy, specifying "rsize=1024,wsize=1024" works 
	very well also, and makes the transfers seem to run faster.  This 
	is probably because there are fewer collisions.  The disadvantage 
	of this method comes from the kernel 'sync'ing after all NFS 
	writes.  This can slow NFS accesses considerably.  As with most 
	generalizations, this one too can do nearly as much harm as good.  
	If you have trouble, reduce your default packet size until the 
	problem goes away.

	With the newer drivers (especially the ed driver) most of these 
	problems are solved automagically.  If you are still using the
	original 386bsd 0.1 release, you REALLY need to upgrade.
	
	See section 6.4.5 on 'ring buffer overflows' and the 3C503 for
	more discussion on this problem.


6.4.2	How do I get around the NFS "Permission denied" error?

	The problem is not the configuration of the server (unless there is
	no real requirement to run it in "secure" mode, and you happen to
	be running it that way anyway).  The problem is the fact that,
	even though mount request are sent on a privileged port, NFS
	connections are not.
	

6.4.3	What does the message "BAD MNT RPC: RPC Authentication error; 
	why = Invalid client credential" mean when I try to mount something
	from another machine?

	Hellmuth Michaelis (hm@hcshh.hcs.de) offers the solution to this
	relatively common problem:

	You have to make sure that the user "root" is not present in more
	than 8 entries in the "/etc/group" - file on the *BSD machine.
	Simply remove some entries and the NFS mounts will succeed.  


6.4.4	What does the message "Bad MNT RPC: RPC: Authentication error; 
	why = Client credential too weak" mean when I try to mount something
	from another machine?

	This problem is a standard NFS problem; it simply means that your 
	user number is not one of the ones that can mount this NFS.  
	Normally, you will get this message when you are trying to mount 
	a filesystem from a machine that allows 'root' to mount an NFS,
	but limits other users.

	Another documented problem with "client credentials being too
	weak" is the dichotomy of SunOS and 4.4 based systems.  SunOS,
	and other commercial systems, do not allow NFS commands to come
	in on anything but a reserved port.  There are several places
	that need to be addressed if weak credentials are a problem.
	The first is the mount command.  The mount itself may work, but
	all references to files in the NFS will fail.  This is usually
	the most common symptom of this problem.  The solution for this
	is to either include the '-o resvport' keyword pair on the mount
	command, or the -P option.  In addition to the resvport command
	on the mount, it may become important to include an NFS volume
	in your fstab.  If this is the case, you will need to ensure
	that the resvport keyword is added on the mount line in the
	fstab.  Finally, if you are using the automounter, you will need
	to make absolutely certain that you have included the resvport
	option in your automount maps as the default.


6.4.5	I get a lot of 'ring buffer overflow' messages using NFS and the
	ed0 driver.  Is there a problem?

	David Greenman (davidg@implode.rain.com), the original author of 
	the ed0 driver, provides us with some insight into the inner 
	workings of the ed0 driver.

	   It always surprises me that people don't just ask the original 
	author these questions. :-) Anyway, the reason these are happening 
	is that the access to the 8bit boards shared memory simply isn't 
	fast enough to deal with full wire speeds...but the driver tries 
	hard...so even though packets get dropped, your performance only 
	drops to about what the ethernet board is capable of (should be 
	in the 400-600k range with an 8bit card). NFS is especially bad 
	because the UDP window is quite large (40k last time I looked), 
	so the overflow condition can happen easily. I've explained this
	for the most part in the release notes for the driver, but these 
	didn't make it into either the FreeBSD or NetBSD releases (we 
	couldn't find an appropriate place to put them).

	>From the release notes:

	receive
	-------
	   The 8390 implements a shared memory ring-buffer to store 
	incoming packets.  The 8bit boards (3c503, and 8003) usually have 
	only 8k bytes of shared memory.  This is only enough room for about 
	4 full size (1500 byte) packets. This can sometimes be a problem, 
	especially on the original WD8003E and 3c503.  This is because these 
	boards' shared memory access speed is also quite slow compared to 
	newer boards - typically only about 1MB/second. The additional 
	overhead of this slow memory access, and the fact that there is 
	only room for 4 full-sized packets means that the ring-buffer 
	will occasionally overflow.  When this happens, the board must 
	be reset to avoid a lockup problem in early revision 8390's.  
	Resetting the board will cause all of the data in the ring-buffer 
	to be lost - requiring it to be re-transmitted/received...slowing 
	things even further.  Because of these problems, maximum throughput 
	on boards of this type is only about 400-600k per second. The 16bit 
	boards (8013 series), however, have 16k of memory as well as much 
	faster memory access speed. Typical memory access speed on these 
	boards is about 4MB/second. These boards generally have no problems 
	keeping up with full ethernet speed. The only problem I've seen 
	with these boards is related to the (slow) performance of the
	system's malloc code when additional mbufs must be added to the 
	pool. This can sometimes increase the total time to remove a 
	packet enough for a ring-buffer overflow to occur.  

	With NFS, the problem is really bad, though.  The 3c503 does not 
	have enough memory on the card to support the default 8k packets 
	that NFS and other protocols use as their default.  The solution 
	for folks that are having a problem with ring buffer overflows 
	in NFS is for them to either use the -r and -w flags to limit 
	the packet size or use the define "NFS_BOOT_RWSIZE=8192".  If 
	NFS doesn't work with this defined, the code will automatically 
	step down to the next smaller increment.  If you KNOW that you 
	will always be running a 3c503, you can set this define to 4096 
	instead, just to make sure.  This should eliminate the bulk of 
	the ring buffer overflows in NFS.


6.4.6	I am getting really poor performance out of my network,
	especially when talking to older networks or when performing
	short file transfers.  What's the problem?

	Try turning off rfc1323 support:

		sysctl w net.inet.tcp.rfc1323=0

	only in newer builds. In older versions you have to edit a kernel 
	config file.  RFC1323 is not yet supported by all networks, and
	can cause TCP performance degradation when tried.  This, for
	example, is a known problem on older Sun and VAX hosted
	networks, and on many networks which are using Linux as an
	intermediate host.


6.4.7	Is there any PC software that will allow me to use my enormous PC
	with all of the unsupported hardware as a PC-NFS server?

	Yes.  It is called SOSS, and is available from MANY FTP sources.
	You will need the aforementioned Clarkson Packet Drivers for it
	to work, but that shouldn't cause too many problems for most 
	people.


6.5	How can I use mtools with the 'new' floppy naming convention?

	With the adoption of BSD 4.4, there is a new way of accessing
	the floppy disk drive types.  The method uses the minor device
	number to specify different media sizes and densities.  These
	densities are established by a table from the file 
	/usr/src/sys/arch/i386/isa/fd.c in NetBSD (your mileage may
	vary).  The table in FreeBSD's fd.c is likely to be slightly
	different.

	The order of the entries defines the order of the minor
	numbers, so the table below has the following characteristics:

	    /dev/fd0a	0	/* default disk type */
 	    /dev/fd0b	1	/* 1.44MB diskette */ 
	    /dev/fd0c	2	/* 1.2 MB AT-diskettes */ 
	    /dev/fd0d	3	/* 360KB in 1.2MB drive */ 
	    /dev/fd0e	4	/* 360KB PC diskettes */ 
	    /dev/fd0f	5	/* 3.5" 720KB diskette */ 
	    /dev/fd0g	6	/* 720KB in 1.2MB drive */ 
	    /dev/fd0h	7	/* 360KB in 720KB drive */

	struct fd_type fd_types[] = {
        	{ 18,2,0xff,0xcf,0x1b,0x6c,80,2880,1,FDC_500KBPS,2,"1.44MB"  },
        	{ 15,2,0xff,0xdf,0x1b,0x54,80,2400,1,FDC_500KBPS,2,"1.2MB"   },
        	{  9,2,0xff,0xdf,0x23,0x50,40, 720,2,FDC_300KBPS,2,"360KB/AT"},
        	{  9,2,0xff,0xdf,0x2a,0x50,40, 720,1,FDC_250KBPS,2,"360KB/PC"},
        	{  9,2,0xff,0xdf,0x2a,0x50,80,1440,1,FDC_250KBPS,2,"720KB"   },
        	{  9,2,0xff,0xdf,0x23,0x50,80,1440,1,FDC_300KBPS,2,"720KB/x" },
        	{  9,2,0xff,0xdf,0x2a,0x50,40, 720,2,FDC_250KBPS,2,"360KB/x" },
	};

	In order to add a new device (such as a 2.44 Meg floppy) new
	tables entries are theoretically all that would be needed.  As
	new entries are created, the minor device numbers would
	increase and the associated device names would be added.
-- 
Dave Burgess                   Network Engineer - Nebraska On-Ramp, Inc.
*bsd FAQ Maintainer / SysAdmin for the NetBSD system in my spare bedroom
"Just because something is stupid doesn't mean there isn't someone that 
doesn't want to do it...."


From burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com Sun Sep 28 14:17:21 1997
Date: 13 Sep 1997 02:00:18 -0500
From: Dave Burgess <burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com>
Newsgroups: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.announce, comp.unix.bsd.freebsd.announce,
    comp.answers, news.answers, comp.unix.openbsd.announce
Subject: [comp.unix.bsd] NetBSD, FreeBSD, and OpenBSD FAQ (Part 8 of 10)
Followup-To: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.misc

Posted-By: auto-faq 3.1.1.2
Archive-name: 386bsd-faq/part8

Section 7.	(System Communication and Network Information)

7.0	Communications

7.1	SLIP/CSLIP

	Serial Line I/P is supported in all versions of BSD.

	Brian <brian@awfulhak.demon.co.uk> provides us with a rather
	good explanation of some of the hurdles that must be overcome
	for a working slip interface.

	The idea is (overview) that you make a serial line connection to 
	the host, set the line discipline, and tell your router to use 
	this interface as your gateway.  You also should set the gateway 
	up as a nameserver.

	You will need the information in 7.4.1 below to make sense to
	you before you proceed much further.  I suggest you read that
	now.

	Sounds easy ? - well it is if you've done it before.

	The _usual_ way of doing this is as follows:

	Both server and client must know each others inet addresses.  Set 
	these up in /etc/hosts with lines saying
	    11.22.33.44 host.my.domain.name host
	    11.22.33.55 client.my.domain.name client

	where 11.22.33.?? is your inet number, and the following name is 
	the full machine name (and is followed by any number of aliases).

	SERVER:
 	  Create a login - usually Sclientname - and run `sliplogin` as 
 	  its shell.  I've looked at the docs for sliplogin, and it seems
 	  fairly straightforward.  [Ed.Note - I have; it is.]
 	  A fairly common problem on the server is an error that is 
 	  caused by the lack of a 'sliplogin' entry in the /etc/shells
 	  file.  Be sure to add sliplogin to your shells file.

	CLIENT:
	  Set up /etc/resolv.conf to say the following (for the nameserver)
		domain client.my.domain.name
		nameserver 11.22.33.55

	  ** traditional method **
	  - Log on to the server.  This is usually done via kermit or
	    some such program.
	  - Exit the program (or background it if your line wants to
	    drop once the device is closed).
	  - Run `slattach /dev/comport` for whatever "comport" is.  On most
	    BSD derived systems, this may be either com0, or cua01, or
	    whatever the correct name is for your site.

	  If you run into an error that says 'not configured' in it, your 
	  kernel either does not recognize your port (dmesg will verify that)
	  or your kernel does not have the slip interface built in.  See 
	  below for the latter.  The former could be caused by any one of 
	  a dozen problems, including conflicting or incorrectly identified 
	  IRQs or port addresses.

	  - Run `ifconfig sl0 net clientname servername netmask 0xffffff00`
	  - Run `route add default servername`.
	  
	    "servername" is your server and "clientname" is your client.
	    
	  It should now be possible to `ping host`

	** my method **
	  Configure /etc/remote
	  Configure /etc/host.dial
	  Run `slip host`.

	/etc/remote contains an extended `tip` entry.  /etc/host.dial 
	contains a login script (and is named in /etc/remote).

	Oh yes, don't forget to have a line in your kernel config saying

	pseudo-device sl 2

	Without this line, you may get a 'device not configured' or 
	'TIO...' error because the slip driver is not built into the 
	kernel.

	Someone else mailed me their instructions for using a SLIP
	service.  Here they are, in all their glory.

	Hi, I thought I'd drop you this email outlining how I have 
	SLIP set up to dial and communicate, as I remember this being 
	an area in the FAQ which needed some expansion/clarification. 
	What I outline works for me dialing up under NetBSD 0.9. 
	Though I don't know the specific nuances of FreeBSD (e.g. the 
	boot-up configuration of the interfaces - /etc/hostname.sl<n> 
	for NetBSD) this'll be easy for someone to add to, hopefully 
	before you release it (I know there's nothing I hate more
	than having to convert one setup's info into another nearly,
	but not quite, the same setup :-)

	In the last quoted script file (slip-off) the unlock line should 
	read:

	/usr/local/etc/unlock LCK..$DEVICE

	1) Configuring the SLIP interface.

	Ensure that the sl device is present in your kernel (default with 
	the generic kernels). In NetBSD 0.9 they get assigned in turn 
	with each 'slattach'.

	Put your own hostname and ip number, and that of your dial up 
	gateway, into your /etc/hosts. This is an example:-

	   127.0.0.1     localhost

	   158.152.1.65    gate gate.demon.co.uk
	   158.152.26.67   blodwen blodwen.demon.co.uk

	Ensure that your /etc/resolv.conf is set up appropriately, to 
	point to the nameserver of your dial-up provider/link.  This is 
	what I use:-

	   domain demon.co.uk
	   nameserver 158.152.1.65
	   nameserver 158.152.1.193

	(you can have up to three nameservers, they -must- be listed by
	number.  If you wish to look in several domains, you can use 
	'search demon.co.uk,foo.other.domain' etc. up to the limit (a 
	finite length specified in resolver(5).)  Also, for more
	flexibility, there is a nameserver switch package that allows
	you to change the resolver profiles on the fly; see below.

	Your sl interface needs to be configured using ifconfig(1) as a 
	link from your own hostname to that of your dial-up host.  Manually 
	this can be done by:-

	   /sbin/ifconfig sl0 <your-machine> <dial-up-machine>

	on NetBSD this can be done at boot-time, by having the following 
	in /etc/hostname.sl0:-

	   inet blodwen.demon.co.uk 255.255.255.0
	   dest gate.demon.co.uk

	(You can substitute sl0 for sl<n> if this will after another 
	slattach e.g. for a local machine on a fixed cable)

	The netmask value (255.255.255.0 in this case) is pretty 
	irrelevant to SLIP because you cannot have a subnet broadcast 
	(so I am informed).

	I use the chat(1) program (currently available in the 
	FreeBSD-current/ports/ directory) to dial up and enter 
	passwords, etc. My modem is setup for hardware handshaking 
	(a necessity really, for performance), and I use the following 
	sh scripts to do the work.  Calling 'demon' dials up and connects. 
	Calling 'demon-down' when on-line shuts it all off. Those who 
	use PPP should be able to work out the changes from the original 
	ppp-on and off scripts.

	[I call it 'demon' for simplicity]

	   #!/bin/sh
   	   #
	   # attach slip and route (calls slip-on script)
	   if /usr/local/etc/slip-on
	           then
	           # this adds the default route to 'gate' which is 
		   # my dial-up host
	           route add default gate

	           # put anything here to be run when you are connected
	           # slurp news
	           /usr/local/etc/slurp news.demon.co.uk &
	           # send outgoing news
	           /usr/local/news/bin/nntpsend
	
	           # kick outgoing email
	           sendmail -q0m
	
	   else
	           # slip-on failed
	
	   fi
	
	[ here's my /usr/local/etc/slip-on ]
	
	Note that you may need to adjust the chat command to deal with the
	prompts you have to answer or that your modem produces, and the final
	message (my provider sends HELLO to signify that they are ready. The
	 -v to chat makes it send syslog .info messages, which I then send to
	my /dev/console. You can remove this if you wish.
	
	The following is a modified version of the ppp-on script that comes
	with chat, altered to set the serial line correctly for the modem. I
	dial-up at 38400bps on a modem on tty03, you might want to change that
	too (and make sure that the stty line is all kept on one line).
	
	   #
	   #       slip-on
	   #
	   #       Set up a SLIP link
	   #
	
	   LOCKDIR=/var/spool/lock
	   DEVICE=tty03
	
	   PHONE=<phone number here>
	   USER=<your login>
	   PASSWORD=<your password>
	
	   if [ -f $LOCKDIR/LCK..$DEVICE ]
	   then
	       echo "SLIP device is locked"
	       exit 1
	   fi
	
	   /usr/local/etc/fix-cua $DEVICE
	   sleep 16000 < /dev/$DEVICE &
	   /bin/stty -f /dev/$DEVICE
	gfmt1:cflag=4b00:iflag=c00:lflag=3:oflag=6:discard=f:dsusp=19:eof=4:
	eol=ff:eol2=ff:erase=0:intr=3:kill=0:lnext=16:quit=1c:reprint=12:
	start=11:status=ff:stop=13:susp=1a:werase=17:ispeed=38400:ospeed=38400
	
	   (
	     if chat -v -l LCK..$DEVICE ABORT "NO DIALTONE" \
	     ABORT "NO CARRIER" ABORT BUSY "" ATZ OK 
	     ATDT$PHONE "CONNECT 38400" "" "ogin:" "$USER" \
	         "word:" "\\q$PASSWORD" "HELLO"
	           then
	           /sbin/slattach -h -c -s 38400 $DEVICE
	           exit 0
	       else
	           echo "SLIP call failed" 1>&2
	           # remove the sleep holding serial line open
	           /bin/kill -KILL `/bin/ps -ax | /usr/bin/egrep " sleep 16000" \
	             | /usr/bin/egrep -v "egrep" | /usr/bin/sed 's/^\([ 0-9]*\)
	.*/\1'/`
	           exit 1
	       fi
	   ) < /dev/$DEVICE > /dev/$DEVICE
	
	
	When it comes to switching off the line, I use the following. Don't
	forget to adjust the sl0 as appropriate
	
	[ I call it demon-down for simplicity]
	
	   #!/bin/sh
	   #  stop script
	   #
	   /usr/local/etc/slip-off
	   /sbin/ifconfig sl0 down
	
	[ and /usr/local/etc/slip-off ]
	
	and adjust the DEVICE line as well.
	
	   #!/bin/sh
	
	   DEVICE=tty03
	
	   kill -KILL `ps -ax | egrep "slattach.*${DEVICE}" | egrep -v "egrep" \
	     | sed 's/^\([ 0- 9]*\) .*/\1'/`
	   kill -KILL `ps -ax | egrep " sleep 16000" | egrep -v "egrep" \
	     | sed 's/^\([ 0-9]* \) .*/\1'/`
	   # switch line back to normal (closes line)
	   /bin/stty -f /dev/$DEVICE -clocal
	   # unlock the device
	   /usr/local/etc/unlock LCK..$DEVICE
	
	   exit 0
	
	
	And that should do it. Happy SLIPping!


7.2	PPP

	Implementations of Point to Point Protocol are also available.  PPP
	has been available since the 0.9 release of NetBSD and is in the 
	current releases of FreeBSD, OpenBSD,  and NetBSD.

	It should also be noted that there is a newsgroup that covers the 
	PPP protocol exclusively.  It is comp.protocols.ppp.

	Here is some information for people desiring to set up PPP in
	there systems:


	A simple way to do this is to use the "chat" and a chat file.  I 
	use the following command to initiate a connection :

    	    root# pppd tty01 19200 connect 'chat -v -f chat.my-isp'

	And in the chat.my-isp file:

            ABORT BUSY
	    ABORT ERROR
	    ABORT 'NO DIALTONE'
	    ABORT 'NO CARRIER'
	    '' ATZ OK ATDT1234567 CONNECT \d
	    TIMEOUT 5
	    ogin:\s--ogin:\s mylogin ssword: mypasswd prompt:\s /usr/lib/ppp/ppp

	This dials, connects and negotiates the addresses from just one 
	line entered.

	To kill the connection:
	    root # kill `cat /var/run/ppp0.pid`
	which has the added advantage of hanging up the phone if the modem 
	is set up appropriately.

	The biggest problem that I ever had with this was working out the 
	chat script and that was debugged by adding the following line in 
	/etc/syslog.conf:

	    # Hand chat debug messages to root
	    local2.debug            root

	The PPP.FAQ was helpful, but I ignored quite a bit of it and depended 
	more on the online manuals.

	For setting up the PPP daemon, here is some more information:

	For NetBSD, it turned out that I needed to rebuild the kernel with
	the following line in my config file,

	    pseudo-device ppp 1

	This line adds a device driver to the kernel that does the ppp 
	protocol.  Once I had that built in, everything worked the first time.

	This is the kind of sequence I go through to start ppp:

	1. Connect with kermit to my ppp account and login.  The account 
	tells me when it starts ppp.

	2. "Suspend" kermit (i. e. put it in the background). This gets me
	back to the shell prompt. (You can get kermit back using the "fg" 
	command)

	3. Start "pppd".  When the shell prompt returns, I then have 
	Internet access!

	That's it.  This procedure will get you access to machines by using 
	their IP address numbers.  You still have to configure a name server 
	in "resolv.conf" in order to get DNS functionality.  My resolv.conf 
	looks like this:

	domain umd.edu			# Maryland's domain name
	nameserver      128.8.5.2	# These are the IP addresses of three 
	nameserver      128.8.126.2	#  hosts that can act as name servers
	nameserver      128.8.126.3

	The name servers should be as "close" as possible.  Whatever machine 
	manages the modem pool your on would be the best but any machine on 
	your local loop will give you good performance.

	If your Internet Service Provider uses dynamic addressing,  You 
	don't even have to worry about this.  It's the point of PPP.  It's 
	actually a good thing from a security point of view.  Your IP address 
	changes w.r.t. to the rest of the net periodically.  By the way, 
	don't forget passwords on all your accounts!!  When your on PPP, 
	the rest of the net can see you too, you look like a full Internet 
	host.


	It is important to look into the following to see if any of them
	apply to you, if you still have questions:


	Here is a sample PPP config.

	1)  Make /etc/ppp directory, then populate as follows:

	2)  Include the following in '/etc/ppp/options':

	crtscts
	modem	/* This option opens the port with O_NONBLOCK if there
		   is a connect options specified, and resets CLOCAL when
		   the connection is closed */
	19200
	defaultroute
	netmask 255.255.255.0
	ipcp-accept-local
	ipcp-accept-remote
	noipdefault
	connect "/usr/sbin/chat -v -f /etc/ppp/sample.chat"
	
	3)  Make sure the modem line (in the '/etc/ttys' file) doesn't
	have the 'local' or 'softcar' options included.  With 'local;, CLOCAL
	will be set for that line and SIGHUP may or may not be sent,
	apparently based on the age of the software.  The "modem" option
	in the 'options' file (above) should clear that, but it may or
	may not ever work.  If you have "softcar" in /etc/ttys, then the
	SIGHUP (in fact, almost all of the signals)  will never work
	because the modem lines are effectively ignored, thereby leaving
	the modem in whatever mode it is in.

	4)  Include the following in '/etc/ppp/sample.chat':
	
	ABORT BUSY ABORT 'NO CARRIER'
	'' atdt5551212
	
	rname: {sample}
	sword: crack-me
	annex: {whatever}
	PPP.
	
	
	This setup uses LCP and IPCP (parts of PPP) to negotiate the
	dynamic IP addresses.  This setup assumes an ISP which uses an
	annex terminal server.  It prompts for "Annex username:" and 
	"Annex password:".  You then get to the command line prompt: 
	"annex:", at which point "PPP" starts the PPP session.  You 
	will have to edit this to suit.  If your ISP uses a system where
	you are automatically connected to PPP when you log in, your
	'/etc/ppp/sample.chat' file might look like this:

	ABORT BUSY ABORT 'NO CARRIER'
	'' atdt5551212
	
	rname: {sample}
	sword: crackme

	To implement a 'permanent PPP' dial-up connection, the following
	has been used (by me specifically!)  This works in NetBSD 1.1 or
	higher, OpenBSD, and perhaps recent versions of FreeBSD:


	The following line in /etc/ttys works wonders for making a 
	permanent link:

	tty01   "/usr/sbin/pppd"                unknown on rtcsts

	The file '/etc/ppp/options' looks like:

	/dev/tty01
	115200
	connect "/usr/sbin/chat '' 'atdt1' 'ogin:' 'x' 'sword:' 'x'"
	crtscts
	defaultroute
	lock
	netmask 255.255.255.0
	n.n.n.n:n.n.n.n
	-ip
	modem
	mtu 1500
	-detach

	You will, of course, have to make some changes if you have 
	multiple ppp connections.  The key here is the '-detach' to 
	make the pppd remain connected to the controlling terminal 
	(the modem).  The basic idea is if the link drops (i.e. loses 
	carrier), a hangup signal will be sent to pppd, causing it to 
	exit, and init will restart it.

	You can also try 'demand dialed PPP' by getting the iij-ppp
	package from the following:

	ftp://ftp.iij.ad.jp/pub/network/iij-ppp0.94beta2.tar.gz) 

	It supports BSDI's BSD/386 1.1, FreeBSD-2.0, and NetBSD-1.0, but 
	it should be really easy to make it work with NetBSD-1.1 (it 
	comes with a patched NetBSD-1.0 tun driver... to get it working
	with 1.1 or -current you will need to make the same patches to 
	NetBSD-1.1's tun driver).  You can also try 'dp' at:

	ftp://phoenix.acn.purdue.edu/dp/dp-4.0.tar.gz


7.2.1	I have a problem with my PPP connection.  From time to time, the
	connection will just 'pause'.  If I do something in another
	window which polls some other external machine, the connection
	will 'unpause' for a while.

	There are two possibilities.  One is that the Van-Jacobsen
	compression is messing up one of the computers on the link.
	Test this by disabling VJ compression on the PPP link (change
	the options file to use '-vjccomp').  

	The other possibility is one of the machine in the circuit is
	not processing handshaking correctly.  Check the &k setting (for
	hardware handshaking) and makre sure it is set correctly.  Also
	check your cables (if appropriate).  

	Usually, this problem is caused by a handshaking error; either
	the computer can't get the modem to stop sending data, or vice
	versa.


7.3	TCP/IP

	TCP/IP is an integral part of BSD 4.4 Lite.  There are at least 
	five different network card drivers.  TCP/IP is fully supported 
	and is available to all users of all derived BSD systems.  In 
	fact, many people believe that this area is one of the primary 
	advantages that BSD has over Linux.  After all, TCP/IP was
	invented in BSD.

7.3.1	Where can I obtain *BSD source code to add IP Security
	per the IETF RFCs (RFC-1825 through RFC-1829) to my system ?

	People in the US can get source code for this from
	http://web.mit.edu/network/isakmp/ by following the instructions
	on the web download form.  The NRL IPsec+IPv6 distribution
	there includes IPsec for IPv4 and IPsec for IPv6 and the
	PF_KEY Key Management Socket API extension.  Needless to
	say, folks inexperienced in building kernels ought not
	be trying this.

	People outside the US can get the NRL source code
	from ftp://ftp.ripe.net/ipv6/nrl/

	The NRL code comes pre-ported to BSDI and NetBSD.
	A FreeBSD port is possible but would take a little work.

	(thanks to rja@inet.org)


7.4	UUCP

	There is an excellent document included in the UUCP directory
	that describes in detail, what needs to be done to get a
	working UUCP for derived BSD systems.  Look in the 
	/usr/src/gnu/libexec/uucp directory for more information.  You 
	can also look in the /usr/share/doc/smm/09.uucpimpl and 
	/usr/share/doc/smm/21.uucpnet if yours are populated.

	
7.4.1	TIP/CU

	First thing you need to do is...

		vi /etc/remote

	Then remove the two lines at the bottom of the file that mention 
	com1, and com2.  Now add the following lines:

		tty00:dv=/dev/tty00:br#9600:
		tty01:dv=/dev/tty01:br#9600:

	That tells tip/cu where to find your com ports.  Next you need 
	to be logged in as root and do a:

		chown uucp.dialer /dev/tty00
		chown uucp.dialer /dev/tty01
		touch /var/log/aculog
		chown uucp.dialer /var/log/aculog

	Make sure that, if you are running newsyslog, you change the 
	owner.group entry in the newsyslog.conf file so that the file
	ownership is maintained correctly.

	Then you should be all set, remember "DOS Com1" = tty00, and 
	"DOS Com2" = tty01.  So, if your modem is at 0x2F8/IRQ=3 and 
	you access it as the COM2: port from DOS, you would do..

		tip tty01

	To exit, type <RETURN>~.<RETURN>

	Many people have other problems with cu.  The lock open: 
	procedure is one of them.   If you receive the error:

	lock open: no such file or directory
	all ports busy

	You need to create a directory: /var/spool/lock, owned by uucp.  If
	this file already exists and is owned correctly, make sure that the
	lock file in the directory is deleted.

	If you receive the error "cu: write: Input/output error"

	You may be able to fix this by creating an /etc/uucp/ports file 
	(see Taylor UUCP docs).

	In addition, those of you using cu version 1.04 may need to add the
	following to their susyem:

	create an /etc/uucp/ports file that looked like this:

	port mymodem
		type modem
		device /dev/tty01
		speed 19200

	Now cu knows that the line is connected to a modem it does the 
	right thing regarding setting CLOCAL on the line.  You don't 
	even have to have either of local or softcar set in /etc/ttys.

	Since cu's behavior seems to be correct, I'm happy now.  All I 
	need to really make my day though is to have John or Martin to 
	tell me that cu 1.04 still works for them even though they don't 
	have an /etc/uucp/ports (or equivalent HDB or V2 uucp config) 
	file ... :-)


7.4.2	What is the magic incantation that allows the modem to dial?

	Try 'stty -f /dev/tty0? clocal'.  Change the '?' for whatever 
	character is appropriate for your tty port.  Remember, DOS COM1 = 
	/dev/tty00 and DOS COM2 = /dev/tty01...

	Some other things that might cause some problems are the entries
	in the /etc/remotes file.  Try 'com?:dv=/dev/tty0?:br#19200:pa=none'
	and see if that helps.  Remember to replace the '?' with '[01234]'
	as appropriate.

	NetBSD-current has implemented the 'ttyflags' program.  This
	will set your com ports according to the options specified in
	the /dev/ttys files.  This is an even better solution than the
	'stty ... clocal' fix from above!

	FreeBSD sets this up a little bit differently by having separate
	dial in and dial out devices available.  The /dev/cua?? devices
	all have clocal set by default to allow the system to dial out
	without having a carrier present.  If you are using FreeBSD and
	don't have any cua devices in the /dev/ directory, you need to
	run the ./MAKEDEV script.  See the man page for more information.


7.4.3	My modem on DOS COM3 or DOS COM4 works with DOS, but not with
	*BSD.  It is set up using IRQ 4 (or 3) respectively.

	One of the MAJOR differences between DOS and *BSD is that *BSD
	actually USES the IRQ lines (*gasp*)...  That means that every 
	device on the ISA bus has to have it's own IRQ.  Since COM1 and
	COM2 (/dev/tty00 and /dev/tty01) are already defined using IRQs
	4 and 3 respectively, that means that COM3 and COM4 (/dev/tty02 
	and /dev/tty03) need to be put onto different IRQs.  The default
	GENERICAHA kernel defines the third com port (COM3 or /dev/tty02)
	to be on IRQ5.  You need to reconfigure your com port (for 
	external modems) or modem (for internal modems) to use IRQ5.  
	The GENERICBBT kernel defines the COM4 port to be on IRQ9 (or 2).
	If you have to put your devices on other ports, you will need to
	recompile the kernel.

7.5	How do I configure my nameserver?

	There are several systems that implement /etc/nsswitch.conf
	instead of the /etc/resolver.conf database.  Each has advantages
	and disadvantages, and both have been implemented for NetBSD.
	If you want to use nsswitch, you can get it at 'ftp://?/?'.

7.6	Terminals

	Since the target machine for most BSD machines is a 386 with 
	no more than a couple of serial ports, most people do not bother 
	with serial terminals.  For most problems, a quick perusal of the 
	man pages for the ttys file and getty are enough to get them 
	started.  Other than that, most terminal problems are limited to
	peculiarities of particular terminals.

	One common problem that appears to crop up from time to time is
	which wires need to be connected at each end of the cable.  Most
	cables do not, in fact, pass through all lines.  If your terminal 
	uses XON/XOFF (DC1/DC3) protocol, a cable of the appropriate 
	twist, either straight through or null modem, can have as few as
	three lines connecting the two devices.  Assuming DB-25 connections
	at each end, the lines need to go from 2 to 3, 3 to 2, and 7 to 7.
	These lines are Rx, Tx, and gnd.  Other lines that may or may not
	be required include 4 and 5; and 6, 8, and 20.  Normally, these 
	lines would be connected within the 'hood' of the cable (4 to 5 
	and 6 and 8 to 20) to simulate the functionality of the full 
	blown cable.  While full support for CTS/RTS is not available 
	(yet), other support for the remainder of these lines is available 
	or is being worked on in all BSD derived systems.  Without this
	handshaking (particularly pins 6, 8, and 20) your ports may appear
	to be dead.  This is because most of the tty driver for *BSD 
	systems require a Data Carrier Detect to be active before the
	port will work.

	For those folks that have hardware flow control working, you need
	to look in the man page for 'stty' and look around for the 
	-clocal and -ctrcrts options.

	Once the cable is set up, you will need to make sure that your
	system is ready.  The first thing you will need to do is make all
	of the devices in the /dev/ directory.  A program, called MAKEDEV,
	is available in the /dev directory.  Running this program with 
	the argument 'tty' will make all of the physical tty devices.

	With that done, arranging for a 'getty' on the port is the next 
	order of business.  You will need to edit the '/etc/ttys' file
	and make one of the tty devices available.  If you have 
	connected your terminal to DOS COM1, you will be enabling 
	/dev/tty00.  Similarly, if you are connected to COM2:, you will
	be enabling /dev/tty01 (see the pattern?).  There are other
	names for those ports as well, but when you are talking about 
	terminals, be sure to use the '/dev/tty*' names.  If not, you 
	will be completely ignored and treated as an outcast because 
	you obviously have not done any of your homework.

	One of the other common problems with the SIO driver is that 
	people will often disable all handshaking, and then complain
	that they cannot get a reliable connection above 9600 baud.  
	Handshaking is the solution to most of these problems.


7.7	My network manager (or UUCP feed site admin) just informed me 
	that the way I have installed sendmail through my UUCP connection 
	and has caused a sendmail loop.  Can you help me get sendmail 
	installed correctly?

	(1) Go into sendmail's source directory tree

	    cd /usr/src/usr.sbin/sendmail/cf/cf

	(2) Make the missing obj directory first, you need it later...

	    mkdir obj

	(3) Create a sendmail master configuration file (.mc file). Name 
	it yourname.mc

	    vi yourname.mc

	(4) Contents of the yourname.mc file:

	#---------------------------------------------------------------
	divert(-1)
	#
	#  This is the prototype for a site with only a uucp connection
	#  to the world, where smarthost and uucp relay are the same ...
	#  Replace "yourname" with your machines nodename without domain
	#  Replace "smarthost" with your uucp neighbours nodename without 
	#  domain i.e. here is myname "knobel" and my smarthost is "gomel", 
	#  to which I'm connected with uucp via dialup modem.

	divert(-1)
	VERSIONID(`yourname.mc 1.0')

	include(`../m4/cf.m4')

	OSTYPE(bsd4.4)

	FEATURE(nodns)dnl

	MAILER(local)dnl
	MAILER(smtp)dnl
	MAILER(uucp)dnl
	
	define(`UUCP_MAX_SIZE', 2000000)dnl
	define(`SMART_HOST', `uucp-dom:smarthost')dnl
	define(`UUCP_RELAY', `uucp-dom:smarthost')dnl
	#--------------------------------------------------------------
	
	In the siteconfig directory (.../sendmail/cf/siteconfig)
	create a file uucp.yourname

	Put a list of machines into this file to which you have active
	uucp/mail connection. Generally only the name of your smarthost 
	....  Unknown addresses are routed to your smarthost ....

	siteconfig/uucp.yourname:
	#----------------------------------------------------------------------
	SITE(nodename_of_your_smarthost)
	#----------------------------------------------------------------------

	(5) create the new sendmail configuration file, which will be 
	stored under obj/yourname.cf, by typing
	
	    make yourname.cf
	
	(6) After that copy obj/yourname.cf to /etc/sendmail.cf
	
	(7) It's up to you to browse through the systems global aliases
 	file ((etc/aliases), where important mail aliases are stored.
	After editing this file you should invoke the command newaliases 
	to update the corresponding database file

	newaliases

	(8) Then create/edit the file "/etc/sendmail.cw".   This file 
	contains alias names of your system (a list of additional names 
	under that your system might receive e-mail):

	yourname
	yourname.uucp
	yourname.domain

	(9) Then create a file /etc/mailertable:
	Here you have to say what else (uucp addresses, too)
	has to be sent to your smarthost ...

	.uucp		uucp-uudom:name_of_your_uucp_smarthost
	
	(10) Create the hash table the following way:

	makemap hash /etc/mailertable.db < /etc/mailertable

 	Remember, if you make any changes you have to rebuild the
 	aliases database by typing:
	
	    newaliases

	(11) BTW: You do not need to create a frozen config file,
	since sendmail on FreeBSD 1.X and NetBSD aren't compiled with 
	that option turned on.

	(12) ``Hot files'' with more information (see sendmail src tree):
    	FAQ KNOWNBUGS RELEASE_NOTES cf/README


7.8	Can network attached assets be used by/from NetBSD? FreeBSD?
	OpenBSD?

	Yes, they can, assuming the machine at the other end of the 
	connections is reasonably cooperative.  The specifics are up to
	the remote machine, but a couple of things that you can start 
	looking for that will help are provided below:

		-  Ask the system administrator of the machine in
		   question if it is OK for you to use whatever it is 
		   you need.  This is more a matter of manners than a 
		   technical issue. 

		-  For NFS mounted disk drives, make sure that you are 
		   not prevented from using the assets by the 
		   /etc/exports (or equivalent) file.  This goes for 
		   CD-ROMs as well as regular mounted disks.

		-  There are a completely different set of concerns for
		   tapes and printers.  Each system implements these in
		   slightly different ways.  Check with your system 
		   manager or documentation for more information.

		-  Diskless booting is possible for all three systems,
		   for a little more detail, see below.

	Note that not all network clients are created equal.  There may
	be semantic differences between what you EXPECT to happen and
	what actually happens.  Your best bet at that point is to get
	with the local system manager and talk to him or her about what
	you should be expecting on the system and what is actually
	happening.  An excellent example is the semantics of file group
	accounts when a new file is created on an NFS machine.  The
	semantics of the create will be based on the OS on the SERVER,
	so it will be whatever SysV or Sun thinks is correct, not what
	we expect from the BSD side.

	There is a package available which can also be used by *BSD
	which will allow your machine to be visible to LanManager or
	Windows NT clients.  The package is called 'SAMBA' and includes
	information about how to configure the package to work with
	NetBSD, OpenBSD, and FreeBSD.  Works good for me.


7.8.1	Is it possible to Network boot a NetBSD machine from a network
	on a diskless Sparc?

	Yes, it's even more than possible, it actually works!  Since
	OpenBSD tracks NetBSD closely, it is also possible to do this
	with OpenBSD.

	Anders Magnusson (ragge@ludd.luth.se) has run it on diskless
	SLCs, and the only problem they had was when the machine got
	heavily loaded it ran out of mbufs (also sometimes a problem for
	regular systems).  It is reportedly faster than SunOS4 as long
	there was lots of free memory in the machine.

	For the most part, setting up a diskless client is fairly
	straightforward.  The FreeBSD diskless FAQ gives step by step
	instructions for setting up bootp and the other programs that
	need to be configured.


7.8.2	I have been working with FreeBSD 1.5.1 with some machines 
	configured as diskless.  How can I do the same for 2.0R (i.e., 
	Which are the magic words to put in the  Kernel configuration 
	file?)

	In FreeBSD, there is a file called Diskless.FAQ in the
	usr/share/FAQ directory.  It describes the procedures for
	diskless booting of an i386 on FreeBSD.

	Please note that netboot.[cr]om programs from FreeBSD 1.1.5.1 
	do not work with 2.0 and vice versa.

	Note that this is just a pointer to the Diskless FAQ.  You can
	get the file from ftp.freebsd.org.


7.8.3	How can I get ISDN to work?

	It depends.  There are several levels of ISDN, all of which seem
	to be incomaptible.  One of the highly regarded packages for
	adding most ISDN connectivity is the bisdn package available
	from muc.ditec.de.

-- 
Dave Burgess                   Network Engineer - Nebraska On-Ramp, Inc.
*bsd FAQ Maintainer / SysAdmin for the NetBSD system in my spare bedroom
"Just because something is stupid doesn't mean there isn't someone that 
doesn't want to do it...."


From burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com Sun Sep 28 14:17:04 1997
Date: 13 Sep 1997 02:00:20 -0500
From: Dave Burgess <burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com>
Newsgroups: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.announce, comp.unix.bsd.freebsd.announce,
    comp.answers, news.answers, comp.unix.openbsd.announce
Subject: [comp.unix.bsd] NetBSD, FreeBSD, and OpenBSD FAQ (Part 9 of 10)
Followup-To: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.misc

Posted-By: auto-faq 3.1.1.2
Archive-name: 386bsd-faq/part9


Section 8.	("Supported" Hardware List)

8.0	What hardware works!

	The problem with this section of the FAQ is that software is 
	the only reason that every PC card on the planet does not work.

	EISA cards are not directly supported; when and if EISA
	is directly supported, they will give a significant performance
	advantage to EISA bus machines.  As it happens, users who desire 
	more than 16Meg of memory must use either VESA or EISA systems.
	Even with an EISA system, many users will not be able to use the
	address space above 16Meg unless their system uses only EISA 
	cards for those devices that need access to DMA.  The limitations
	are covered in another section of the FAQ.

	Many EISA cards operate in an ISA emulation mode.  Notably, the
	Ultrastore 24F SCSI controller operates in an IDE emulation mode 
	that allows the card to be used in the current system without 
	modification.  Most EISA cards that operate in ISA mode will 
	work with 386BSD, NetBSD, or FreeBSD.

	Like EISA, MCA is unsupported currently; unlike EISA, it can't
	work until it is supported, as it doesn't fall back to ISA
	operation.  If you want to work on this problem, I'm sure that
	many people will appreciate it; you will probably need an ISA or
	EISA machine to do the work, however.

	On top of all of that, NetBSD (being the 'horizontal' entry in
	the *BSD family) supports about 13 CPUs.

	
8.3.1	How do I configure multiport cards?  Is there a possibility of 
	using multiport serial boards?  How do you configure an AST/4 
	in the kernel?  It looks like the AST driver only supports 
	4-port cards, but it looks like it would be easy to add support 
	for 8 ports ... or am I wrong?

	From: "Martin Husemann" <martin@euterpe.owl.de> 
	All AST 8 port Cards I have seen simply were two AST-4-port on 
	one board. You would configure them like this:

	 master	ast0	at isa? port 0x1a0 tty irq 5 vector astintr
	 master	ast1	at isa? port 0x2a0 tty irq 7 vector astintr

	With that said, the discussion about these cards continues with
	how to make older versions of *BSD react correctly to your AST
	4 or 8 port cards.

	The AST/4 and its clone multiport cards can run on 386BSD using 
	patchkit 0.2.4 and later, NetBSD, and FreeBSD.  The only
	problems seem to be that the code in older versions of
	sioprobe() and sioattach() in sio.c needs to be hacked to get
	it to properly detect the ports and then recognize the type 
	of UARTs installed (16550As).  The code segment that is causing 
	the problem is included below:

	A configuration for this is when two AST Four Port cards
	are actually used in a system.  The configuration for that looks
	like this:


	#device  sio0    at isa? port "IO_COM1" tty irq 4 vector siointr
	#device  sio2    at isa? port "IO_COM3" tty irq 5 vector siointr

	device   sio1    at isa? port 0x2a0 tty flags 0x0481
	device   sio2    at isa? port 0x2a8 tty flags 0x0481
	device   sio3    at isa? port 0x2b0 tty flags 0x0481
	device   sio4    at isa? port 0x2b8 tty irq 5 flags 0x0481 
				vector siointr

	device   sio5    at isa? port 0x1a0 tty flags 0x0881
	device   sio6    at isa? port 0x1a8 tty flags 0x0881
	device   sio7    at isa? port 0x1b0 tty flags 0x0881
	device   sio8    at isa? port 0x1b8 tty irq 4 flags 0x0881 
				vector siointr


	This is one of the areas where FreeBSD and NetBSD have
	diverged.  The actual semantics of the multiport boards have
	changed since this section was originally written (the flags
	are either no longer needed or are different in current NetBSD
	implementations, for example).


8.3.3	What is the difference between baud and bits per second?

	It's important to remember that we're transmitting symbols. Does
	this apply to digital transmissions?  Yes. A digital message is
	simply an ordered sequence of symbols from a discreet source. This
	source has an alphabet 'M' of 2 or more symbols, and produces
	the symbols at some rate 'r'.

	If we allocate a finite amount time alloted to a symbol, and call
	that time 'D', we can for once and ever define what baud is. Having
	'D', our "signaling rate" is:

	    r = 1/D                       (1)

	measured in _symbols_per_second_ or baud. For binary transmissions,
	we have a bit duration Tb, and our "bit rate" is:

	    rb = 1/Tb                     (2)

	measured in _bits_per_second_, (bps, or b/s).

	Now we note that in the special binary (M=2) case, each bit is
	a symbol and thus D=Tb, and by (1) and (2) we have:

	    r (baud) = rb (bps)           (3)

	or in English, for *binary* transmissions, we have "the signalling
	rate, measured in baud, is the same as the bit rate, which is
	measured in bps."  For all other transmissions, the signalling
	rate (baud) is not equal to the bit rate (bps).

	-Ade "never wants to see this again" Barkah


8.4	Disk Controller Problems

	There is no real list of supported wd-driver controllers.  The listx
	would be far longer than I am willing to type.  Suffice it to say 
	that virtually every know IDE/ESDI/MFM/RLL hard drive controller
	available works.  There are occasional reports that the driver
	for this particular type of disk drive is "broken", but it is hard
	to substantiate this.  There are a few known "gotchas" with this
	particular controller type, but they are fixed as soon as they are 
	found.


8.4.2	SCSI controller problems

	Every once on a great while, someone will post a problem with a
	SCSI controller.  Almost all of these are attributed to either
	a) bad cables (or out of spec cables), b) bad termination, or
	c) incorrect irq/drq setup.  Here is an excerpt of a message
	that provides some insight into one man's problems with the
	Adaptec controller, and one with the BusLogic 445.


	From: witr@rwwa.com (Robert Withrow)

	Problem: When the bus hangs, all devices have their access
	lights off, the AHA his its light on. 

	Being in a hurry, I made several changes and the problem went
	away. Normally, I would change one thing at a time, but, like I
	said, I was in a hurry.  Below, I list the changes I made:

	  1) I replaced the AHA with an older one I keep as a spare.

	  2) I *inserted* the the ``synchronous negotiation'' jumper in 
	  the aha.

	  3) I removed the terminator power jumper from two of the hard
	  drives. 

	  4) I removed and reinserted all of connectors into all of the
	  drives. 

	If I had to guess, I bet #2 was the thing that fixed the
	problem.

	The system has compiled X11 three times as well as done all 
	sorts of other things including all of the drives (cdrom, disk, 
	and tape) for three days now without a single hang.

	wjw@ebh.eb.ele.tue.nl (Willem Jan Withagen) writes:

	=>  =>  The BT kernel requires the controller to be configured 
	=>  =>  for IRQ 12.  That is a strange default.  The default for 
	=>  =>  the BT445S is 11, the same as for the 1542.  You probably 
	=>  =>  just need to reconfigure the controller.
	=>  
	=>  So I redid the switches and the BT kernel recognizes it on 
	=>  int 12.  Either with or without EISA DMA (switch 2-10)
	=>  
	=>  it no longer generates the stray interrupt 7.
	=>  But it still doesn't boot after the message 
	=>  	'changing root device to fd0d'
	=>  
	=>  So what's going on here. Is there anyway to find out more?
	=>  Or should I go to one of the FreeBSD lists and discuss it there?

	I was browsing thru the hardware manual of the BT 445S and there 
	it was on the next page :-( I was just misguided by the nice 
	switches on the card edge. 

	To set the interrupts not only the dip-switches need to be changed.
	More important is the actual and physical connection of intr 12 to
	the ISA bus connector.

	After taking the board out, and really connecting intr 12, the 
	system booted the BT kernel without a glitch.  I'm now compiling a 
	new kernel with all our options set as we'd like them to be. 

	The current config:
		16 Mb
		BT 445S with intr 12 and switch 2-10 in default state, 
		giving DMA on channel 5.

	Things I'm going to test:
		toggling the 2-10 switch
		adding 16 MB more.


8.5	SCSI Controllers

	The list of "supported" hard drive controllers is very short.
	Basically, it is any hard drive controller that emulates a
	standard IDE/ESDI/MFM controller and a few SCSI controllers.  
	The short list is included below:

	These boot with the kcaha floppy:
		Adaptec 1522		ISA	SCSI	Experimental
		AIC-6260 based		ISA	SCSI	
		AIC-6360 based		ISA	SCSI
		Adaptec 1540[ABC]	ISA	SCSI	No Floppy
		Adaptec 1542[ABC]	ISA	SCSI
		Adaptec 174x		EISA	SCSI
		Adaptec 294x		????	SCSI	Not supported
		Ultrastore 14F		ISA	SCSI
		Ultrastore 24F		EISA	SCSI
		Ultrastore 34F		VLB	SCSI
		Buslogic BT542		ISA	SCSI	
		Buslogic BT545		ISA	SCSI	(Old ones only)
		Buslogic BT946C		PCI	SCSI
		NCR 53C810 based	PCI	SCSI

	These boot with the kcbt floppy:
		Buslogic BT742A		EISA	SCSI
		Buslogic BT747A		EISA	SCSI	(modified 742 driver)
		Buslogic BT445S		VLB	SCSI

	Note that the Ultrastore 24F is supported with an experimental
	driver or in IDE emulation mode only.  Any controller that
	purports to be a clone of one of the cards listed above will
	usually work as well.

	The '{something} based' cards above are special in that many 
	controllers use these controller chips as the basis for their 
	implementation.  The AIC-6260 is the chip set in the Adaptec 
	1522 series controllers, and the AIC-6360 is the chipset used 
	in the Soundblaster SCSI controller.  There are several PCI 
	controllers that are using the NCR chipset.

	In addition, there is a special note for Buslogic card users.

	The card should be configured to use ioaddr 0x330 and IRQ 12.
	There are two places the IRQ needs to be set.  The first is a
	bank of dip switches, and te next is a jumper.  See your hard
	drive controller documentation for the exact settings.

	Once you've got the controller on the right settings.  As it
	says in the README.INSTALL file, after all:

	BT742 SCSI Cntlr.       0x330   12               [kcopy-bt-floppy]

	So I can only conclude that you've probably not configured the
	card for EISA DMA!  From the /usr/src/KNOWNBUGS file:

	/sys/1/isa/bt742a.c
            The Bt445S and Bt747 controllers can cause problems when
	    ISA DMA is selected as an option.  With the EISA controller
	    the remedy is easy - simply turn it off using your EISA 
	    configuration utility.  With the Bt445S, which is a VLB
	    card, you must switch the undocumented "SW10" on "SB2" to
	    the off position.  Also note that certain revisions of the
	    Buslogic board (Revision C or earlier, firmware revision
	    <3.37) will cause DATA CORRUPTION with systems containing
	    more than 16MB of memory.  If you find this to be the case, 
	    temporarily remove your extra memory and contact Buslogic
	    for an upgrade!

	The BT946C PCI card works flawlessly.  The only thing that needs
	to be done to it is to ensure that the the two jumpers that
	control how and if to autoconfig are removed.  This allows the
	system to autoconfigure everything in the card.  The best thing
	to do is simply set the card to use the "Autoconfig to default"
	option.

		
8.6	Network Cards

	Common misconception number 1: Why does BSD still support such 
	a small selection of network cards?

	Depends on what you mean by `small'.  Here is the 'short list'.

	3c501                   isa     if_el           (kimmel@cs.umass.edu)
	3c503			isa	if_el		(mycroft) 
	3C507			isa	if_el		(mycroft) 
	3c509  			isa	if_ep   bnc/aui/utp.      (tdr)
	3c579			eisa	if_ep		  (tdr)
	WD 8390-based cards 	isa	if_ed		  (mycroft)
	SMC 8390-based cards 	isa	if_ed		  (mycroft)
	NE1000, NE2000    	isa	if_ed		  (mycroft)
	NE2100/BICC Isolan/DEPCA isa	if_le		  (mycroft)
	AT&T StarLAN (82586-based cards)		  (mycroft)

	These are all in NetBSD, and FreeBSD (by inference)

   	Common question number 2: I have a 3Com 3c509 - is it supported?

	The 3C509 works well under NetBSD-current, and has been clocked
	at full ethernet speed.  To use the UTP connection, you will need
	to specify the link0 and link1 options in the ifconfig command.

		-link0  disable AUI/UTP. enable BNC.
		link0   disable BNC. enable AUI.
		link1   if the card has a UTP connector, and link0 is
			set too, then you get the UTP port.


8.7	Printers
	
	First, set up your printer so it uses the 'LF' code as its 
	CR+LF (End of line) character.  If you use your machine for 
	operations in more than one OS (like some of us that HAVE 
	to use DOS :-( ) then you can include a control sequence in 
	the 'ff' control in your /etc/printcap file.

	Here is an example printcap to show you how simple it is:

	lp|ljgpc_deskjet|HP DeskJet Plus:\
		:lp=/dev/lpt0:mx#0:\
		:sd=/var/spool/ljgpc_deskjet:\
		:lf=/var/log/lpd-errs:\
		:ff=\033E\033&k2G:fo:sh:tr=\033E:


	For the HP LaserJet III (running PostScript) or the Deskjet 540 
	printers, the sequence is a little more involved:

	First, it looks like you will need to install ghostscript.  I have 
	a Desk Jet 540 that I use with the printcap entry and filter 
	included below.  You could hack the filter slightly to produce 
	output for your Laser Jet III (try changing "-sDEVICE=djet500" to 
	"-sDEVICE=ljet3").

	You'll need perl and gs installed on your system.  You also need to
	ensure that gs has the ljet3 driver installed.  You can find out by
	running "gs -h" and looking to see if the driver is listed.

	--- printcap entry ---
	lp|HP Deskjet 540:\
	    :lo=/var/spool/lpd/lp-lock:\
	    :lp=/dev/lpt0:\
	    :lf=/var/log/lpd-errs:\
	    :of=/var/spool/ps-filter:\
	    :sd=/var/spool/lpd:\
	    :sh:

	--- /var/spool/ps-filter ---
	#!/usr/bin/perl
	# Filter which detects postscript files and appends cr to lines of text.
	# $Id: ps-filter,v 1.3 1995/02/14 01:05:59 brian Exp $
	
	$cat="/bin/cat";
	$gs="/usr/local/bin/gs";
	
	$_ = <STDIN>;
	if (/^%!/)
	    {
    	    # Pipe the file as-is to the ghostscript interpreter.
    	    # Postscript files have their pages reversed because my
    	    # DeskJet 540 stacks them in reverse order if I don't.
    	    $old_dir=`pwd`;
    	    $tmp_dir = "/tmp/lp-gs.$$";
    	    mkdir($tmp_dir,0700);
    	    chdir $tmp_dir;
    	    open(PIPE, "|$gs -q -sDEVICE=djet500 -sOutputFile=%03d.lj -")
		|| die "$0: can't run ghostscript: $!";
    	    print PIPE $_;
    	    while (<STDIN>)
    	    {
		print PIPE $_;
    	    }
    	    close PIPE;
    	    @pages=reverse(sort(<*.lj>));
    	    system $cat, @pages;
    	    unlink @pages;
    	    chdir $old_dir;
    	    rmdir $tmp_dir;
	}
	elsif (&isprint() && !/\r\n$/)
	{
    	    # Send the text to the printer with trailing lf converted to crlf.
    	    s/([^\r])?\n$/\1\r\n/;
    	    print;
    	    while (<STDIN>)
    	    {
		s/([^\r])?\n$/\1\r\n/;
		print;
    	    }
	}
	else
	{
    	    print;
    	    while (<STDIN>)
    	    {
        	print;
    	    }
	}
	sub isprint
	{
    	    ($c) = split(//,$_);
    	    return ($c =~ /[\s\n]/) || (ord($c) >= 32 && ord($c) < 127);
	}

	If you are having trouble with the JetDirect card, this entry
	should work adequately for you, although printing and querying
	may not be completely solid:

		laser: \
        		:rm=laser.kew.utl: \
			:rp=lp: \
			:sd=/usr/spool/lpd/laser: \
			:lf=/var/log/lpd-errs: \
			:sh: \
			:rs: \
			:ff=: \
			:fo


8.7.1	How can I print big files (especially from SAMBA, the WfWg
	network program)?

	First step:  Add ":mx#0:" to the printer's entry in /etc/printcap.

	Once you have "mx#0" in your /etc/printcap entry, make
	sure you have enough disk space in the "/var" filesystem to 
	handle the job.  Also beware that "lpr -s" can fail obscurely
	if the file you are printing (and the path to it) are not accessible
	by the user daemon.


8.8	Tape Drives.
8.8.1	What are the jumper configurations for the Exabyte 8200 DAT tape
	drive?

	Jumpers/switches are on the MX board. I think that the top of the 
	case and the board must be removed to access jumpers/switches.  
	Per a November 1989 8200 Spec there are at least two different MX 
	boards. Level 1, part no 724021-xxx has jumpers. Level 2, part no 
	724022-xxx has switches.

	Level 1 Jumper Configuration:

	J1 L-M Bypass Memory Test - 8 Second Startup
    	   M-R Run Memory Test - 65 Second Startup

	J2 L-M Parity Checking Enabled
   	   M-R Parity Checking Disabled

	J3 L-M Even Byte Disconnect
           M-R Odd or Even Byte Disconnect

	J4 L-M No Busy Enable
           M-R Report Busy Status

	J5 L-M P6 Cartridge Type - Domestic
    	   M-R P1 Cartridge Type - International

	J6 L-M Reserved for future use

	J7 L-M Normal Operations
   	   M-R No Disconnect in Data Phase

	J8 L-M Fixed Block Mode on Power Up
   	   M-R Variable Block Mode on Power Up

	Level 2 Switch Configuration:

	SW1 Off Run Memory Test - 65 Second Startup
    	    On Bypass Memory Test - 8 Second Startup

	SW2 Off Parity Checking Disabled
     	    On Parity Checking Enabled

	SW3 Off Odd or Even Byte Disconnect
    	    On Even Byte Disconnect

	SW4 Off Report Busy Status
    	    On No Busy Enable

	SW5 Off Fixed Block Mode on Power Up
    	    On  Variable Block Mode on Power Up

	SW6 Off Normal Operations
    	    On No Disconnect in Data Phase

	SW7 Off Reserved for Future Use
    	    On 

	SW8 Off P6 Cartridge Type - Domestic
    	    On P1 Cartridge Type - International


8.9	QIC-40/80 tape drives

	Steve Gerakines has released a series of patches for FreeBSD that
	allow the use of the QIC-40/80 tape drives through the floppy
	controller.  Get them from ftp.gte.com:/pub/ft/dist0.3/dist0.3.tgz
	or a similar mirror site, if there are any.  Archie will be able
	to tell you for certain.


8.10	CD-ROMs

	The Sony CDU 561 works well, as do the Toshiba 401 and 4101.  The
	4101 is a double speed SCSI-2 device and allows 'grabbing' of
	music tracks.

	Many folks have announced that they had problems with Mitsumi
	CD-ROM drives.  It seems that there are nearly as many releases
	of the firmware as there were drives sold.  Many of the firmware
	versions were incompatible with each other.  A generic Mitsumi
	driver will be a hard act to accomplish, if it is possible at all.
	The current Mitsumi driver seems to work well with all of the
	Mitsumi controllers (FD-001x and older).

	There are native (non-EIDE) Mitsumi CD-ROM drivers for NetBSD and 
	FreeBSD.  They are available in the latest release version of each.
	If your CD-ROM is not recognized by the kernel, and uses a Mitsumi
	controller, you will need to make changes to the mcd.c source
	file to change the behavior of the first getreply() function.
	Instead of exiting immediately, the check for whether the
	getreply was successful should be commented out and assumed to
	be correct.  While this is a brute force method (it may find a
	CD-ROM that isn't even there) it will help many Mitsumi
	controllers probe correctly.  

	The EIDE ATAPI CD-ROM drive is now supported in the -current
	versions of FreeBSD and OpenBSD, and is supported experimentally 
	in NetBSD Version 1.2 and higher.

	FreeBSD also supports the Matsushita (Panasonic) CD-ROM drives.  

	The only other commonly available CD-ROM drive that is not
	supported is the SONY CD-ROM.  


8.10.1	How can I mount my CD-ROM so that it appears to be writable?

	There are two ways.  If the version of *BSD you have supports
	the union file system, you can use the following:

	    mount -t union -o -b /cdrom/ports /usr/ports
	    cd /usr/ports
	    make all install

	If you want to use an fstab entry, try this:

	    /cdrom/ports /usr/src union rw,-b 0 0

	If your version of *BSD doesn't support union file systems, you
	could use something like this:

	    mount /dev/cd0a /cdrom
	    mkdir /usr/ports
	    cd /usr/ports
	    lndir /cdrom/ports .
	    <wait for dirs to link up>

	    cd /usr/ports/mail/elm
	    make all install

-- 
Dave Burgess                   Network Engineer - Nebraska On-Ramp, Inc.
*bsd FAQ Maintainer / SysAdmin for the NetBSD system in my spare bedroom
"Just because something is stupid doesn't mean there isn't someone that 
doesn't want to do it...."


From burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com Sun Sep 28 14:16:58 1997
Date: 13 Sep 1997 02:00:23 -0500
From: Dave Burgess <burgess@cynjut.neonramp.com>
Newsgroups: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.announce, comp.unix.bsd.freebsd.announce,
    comp.answers, news.answers, comp.unix.openbsd.announce
Subject: [comp.unix.bsd] NetBSD, FreeBSD, and OpenBSD FAQ (Part 10 of 10)
Followup-To: comp.unix.bsd.netbsd.misc

Posted-By: auto-faq 3.1.1.2
Archive-name: 386bsd-faq/part10

Section 9	("Supported" Software List).

9.0	What GNU software has been tested and is working with Net/2 derived
	BSD systems for the 386?

	Just about all of it.


9.1	Has anyone ever gotten news to work?

	The program 'news' running on 386bsd.  Here is a quick summary of 
	the major places to stumble:

	1)  get bash, gmake, gcc 2.X, cnews, trn (or your favorite reader).

	2)  Make uucp work. (Read the info files that come with the
	    original distribution for the whole scoop on configuration 
	    files.)

	Ed Note:  This step is not needed if you are implementing SLIP,
	PPP, or are directly connected to a network.

	3)  Edit all the scripts which come with cnews and replace every 
	occurrence of /bin/sh with /usr/local/bin/bash (or wherever you put 
	it).

	4)  Build cnews using bash, gmake and gcc 2.x

	5)  Install cnews in the directories you want it.  Some hand-hacking 
	of the install scripts is required (Too long ago to remember the 
	details).

	6)  Change the permissions on all the scripts from execute only to 
	read-execute for group and other.  (On 386bsd, if you can't read 
	a script, you can't execute it).

	7)  Set up uucp to accept news

	8)  Post an article and steal it out of the uucp queue before it 
	gets sent.  Feed it to your rnews (as user uucp) instead and make 
	sure that it does not bomb out with permission denied or some such.

	9)  Have fun!

	Implementing innd is even easier.  The configure script that comes 
	with the system has been modified to work more correctly with
	Net/2 derived BSD systems.  The first is that the LINTLIBSTYLE
	option in config.data needs to be set to NONE, since NetBSD and 
	FreeBSD don't come with lint.  With that changed, the system
	should work right out of the box.

	If you are running with memory mapped files, you will also need
	to make the following patch:

	--- icd.c.orig  Tue Feb  7 13:36:50 1995
	+++ icd.c       Tue Feb  7 14:56:27 1995
	@@ -366,7 +366,9 @@
	 ICDwriteactive()
	  {
	   #if    defined(ACT_MMAP)
	   -    /* No-op. */
	   +    if (msync(ICDactpointer, 0)) {
	   +       syslog(L_ERROR, "msync error on active file: %m");
	   +    }

	    #else

9.1.1	I want to make sure I have every set up right for my news
	partition.  What newfs options do I need to use to get this
	information stored OK without future problems?

	There has been a lot of discussion of the years about the default
	options for newfs.  If you have "modern" disks and you created 
	your filesystems with 1.0, or with a pre-9412 -current, then 
	you may want to back them up and then re-create them.  u
	Filesystems created with the current defaults should be much 
	faster.

	The newfs(8) defaults are equivalent to `-a 8 -d 0 -n 1'.

	To make you news server software work better, you should
	increase the number of inodes available, you should include
	either '-i 512' or '-i 1024' depending on the normal size of the
	files in the filesystem.  News partitions are often the
	repository for many files which are very small, averaging less
	than 512 bytes per file.  By quadrupling the number of inodes
	(using -i 512 instead of the default 2048) you make it more
	likely that you will run out of disk SPACE before you run out of
	disk INODES. 


9.3	Has anyone tried to get Postgres to work?

	Jim Bachesta and his crew have gotten Postgres 4.2 working in
	the i386 version of NetBSD 1.0.  The netbsd source tree is
	available from:

	ftp://charon.amdahl.com:pub/agc/postgres-4.2-src-netbsd-v2.tar.gz

	The regular postgres distribution is available from:

	ftp://s2k-ftp.cs.berkeley.edu:pub/postgres

	Get the standard distribution and then overlay the NetBSD source
	distribution over it for a complete system.
	
	There is also work in progress to get Postgres95 working.
	Check the following URL for more information:

	ftp://s2k-ftp.cs.berkeley.edu/pub/postgres95/postgres95-1.0.tar.gz

	It works fine on NetBSD/i386 1.1. I've heard that it works 
	fine on the sparc port, too, so there don't seem to be any 
	byte-order funnies in there (although take a look in the 
	www/bugs/p*.html for 14 patches that should be applied to 
	the 1.0 sources - at least one of them deals with 
	order-dependencies when the backend is on a different 
	byte-ordered machine to the client program).

	Someone mentioned that you need dynamic loading, and so you 
	may be out of luck if you're on one of the more esoteric 
	ports.  I'm not sure about this, and would say that pg95 
	should run fine, albeit with reduced functionality, without 
	dynamic loading - it just means that you can't define C 
	functions for the backend to load at will. However, I 
	haven't tried this.  (From memory, the previous v4r2 port 
	didn't have support for dynamic loading, and most of the 
	regression tests ran fine.)


9.4	Has anyone gotten the Java Developers Kit working?

	There are a couple of ways to go about this.  The first is just
	use either the FreeBSD or Linux version and load up the /emul
	directory.

	The second is to load Penguin or Kaffe, both Java replacements.


	    http://coriolan.amicus.com/penguin.html

        i386 FreeBSD 2.0.5R & 2.1.0R            (tested)
        i386 Linux 1.2.13                       (tested)
        i386 NetBSD 1.1R                        (untested)
        i386 Solaris 2.4                        (untested)

	The source for the most recent version of Kaffe can be found at 
	the following location:

            ftp://ftp.sarc.city.ac.uk/pub/kaffe/kaffe.tgz

	This version has extensive improvements over version 0.1 (see the 
	README in the distribution), and is now distributed using a 
	Berkeley style license so can be used for both personal and 
	commercial purposes.

	In addition to Kaffe, there is a Java Bytecode compiler called
	"Guavac" which works with NetBSD, FreeBSD, and OpenBSD.

	* Java, Javasoft, and Java Virtual Machine are registered 
	trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc.


9.5	Has anyone ever used any of the BSD systems for a Firewall?

	In my experience, most of the commercial firewall systems
	started out as BSD systems.  

	There are several choices when it comes to firewalls for *BSD
	systems.  There is Juniper, a "transparent p[ass through" system
	that allows non-routable networks to lurk behind the firewall
	and block traffic from the outside.  Another is the TIS Firewall
	Toolkit.  Http://puma.macbsd.com/macbsd.howto/fwtk-faq.html has
	an excellent set of instructions on using and building a
	firewall using TIS.

	There are several other offerings out there; nearly all of them
	will easily lay on top of an existing BSD installation.  After
	all, BSD was where TCP-IP was invented.


9.6	How about the BSD Song?

	In a dark dim machine room
	Cool A/C in my hair
	Warm smell of silicon
	Rising up through the air
	Up ahead in the distance
    	I saw a Solarian(tm) light
    	My kernel grew heavy, and my disk grew slim
    	I had to halt(8) for the night
    	The backup spun in the tape drive
    	I heard a terminal bell
    	And I was thinking to myself
    	This could be BSD or USL
    	Then they started a lawsuit
    	And they showed me the way
    	There were salesmen down the corridor
    	I thought I heard them say
 	 
    	Welcome to Berkeley California
    	Such a lovely place
    	Such a lovely place (backgrounded)
    	Such a lovely trace(1)
    	Plenty of jobs at Berkeley California
    	Any time of year
    	Any time of year (backgrounded)
    	You can find one here
    	You can find one here
 	 
    	Their code was definitely twisted
    	But they've got the stock market trends
    	They've got a lot of pretty, pretty lawyers
    	That they call friends
    	How they dance in the courtroom
    	See BSDI sweat
    	Some sue to remember
    	Some sue to forget
    	So I called up Kernighan
    	Please bring me ctime(3)
    	He said
    	We haven't had that tm_year since 1969
    	And still those functions are calling from far away
    	Wake up Jobs in the middle of the night
    	Just to hear them say
 	 
    	Welcome to Berkeley California
    	Such a lovely Place
    	Such a lovely Place (backgrounded)
    	Such a lovely trace(1)
    	They're livin' it up suing Berkeley California
    	What a nice surprise
    	What a nice surprise (backgrounded)
    	Bring your alibis
 	 
    	Windows NT a dreaming
    	Pink OS on ice
    	And they said
    	We are all just prisoners here
    	Of a marketing device
    	And in the judge's chambers
    	They gathered for the feast
    	They diff(1)'d the source code listings
    	But they can't kill -9 the beast
    	Last thing I remember
    	I was restore(8)'ing | more(1)
    	I had to find the soft link back to the path I was before
    	sleep(3) said the pagedaemon
    	We are programmed to recv(2)
    	You can swap out any time you like
    	But you can never leave(1)
 	 
    	[ substitute whirring of disk and tape drives for guitar solo ]
	 
	Written by David Barr <barr@pop.psu.edu>
	and Ken Hornstein <kenh@physci.psu.edu>
	and a little help from Greg Nagy <nagy@cs.psu.edu>

	and thanks to the lyrics archive at cs.uwp.edu

-- 
Dave Burgess                   Network Engineer - Nebraska On-Ramp, Inc.
*bsd FAQ Maintainer / SysAdmin for the NetBSD system in my spare bedroom
"Just because something is stupid doesn't mean there isn't someone that 
doesn't want to do it...."


	   Murphy's Laws and Other Observations

   Murphy's Law

1. If anything can go wrong, it will.
2. If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that
   will cause the most damage will be the first one to go wrong.
3. If anything just cannot go wrong, it will anyway.
4. If you preceive that there are four possible ways in which something can
   go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way, unprepared for, will
   promptly develop.
5. Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
6. If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked
   something.
7. Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
8. Mother Nature is a bitch.

   O'tooles Commentary On Murphy's Laws

Murphy was an optomist.

   Ginsberg's Theorems

1. You can't win.
2. You can't even break even.
3. You can't even quit the game.

   Forsyth's Second Corollary to Murphy's Laws

  Just when you see the light at the end of the tunnel, the roof caves in.

   Weilers Law

  Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.

   The Laws of Computer Programming

1. Any give program, when running, is obsolete.
2. Any given program costs more and takes longer each time it is run.
3. If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
4. If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
5. Any given program will expand to fill all the available memory.
6. The value of a program is inversely proportional to the weight of its
   output.
7. Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of the
   programmer who must maintain it.

		  -more later-

Call The Works BBS - 1600+ Textfiles! - [914]/238-8195 - 300/1200 - Always Open

[Let me preface this by saying that I have a brilliant calculus teacher,
known far and wide for his ability to make the subject as comprehensible
as it's ever gonna get.   Anyway, I was ripping my hair out over a problem
one evening and ended up writing the following instead, just to blow off
some steam.   Next day I submitted it to the campus rag and they were kind
enough to publish it the week before finals.   Probably why I passed.]


                   ANSWERS TO THE CALCULUS FINAL
               by A Concerned and Resourceful Student

We, the Calculus students of Foothill College, wish to voice our
dissatisfaction with the teaching practices of the Math Department here.
We feel that the Calculus professors are too strict and demanding,
assigning a preposterous workload and giving tests of immense difficulty.

We recognize that Calculus is an intrinsically challenging subject, but
this method of instruction makes classes nearly impossible to pass.   We
urge the Foothill College SENTINEL to join us in protest by allowing us to
publish, in advance, the following answers to the upcoming final exam, in
order to give students a more equitable chance at demonstrating their
knowledge of the subject.

Clip And Save:

1)  The Derivative Is Our Friend.

2)  The Derivative Is Very Useful.   (We know this because people use it
all the time.)

3)  The Derivative Is Very Old.   (This result can be obtained by looking
at how long the derivative has been around, and then subtracting from Now.)

4)  The Derivative was invented by two guys, one of whom was Newton, who
also makes a mighty nice cookie.

5)  a:  The limit of the sum is the sum of the limits.
    b:  The limit of the product is the product of the limits.
    c:  The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.  Or the one.

6)  The Derivative is Not Our Foe.   (This result is easily proved by
assuming that the derivative is our foe, then using #1 above to obtain a
contradiction.)

7)  ...NOW, multiply by the derivative of what's INSIDE the brackets...
with respect to x...

8)  When in doubt, refer to #1.

Extra Credit:

9)  1812.  (Trick question.  Every Calculus final requires at least one
problem with an actual numeric solution.  Students who forget this are
often tempted to put "Ulysses S. Grant" as the answer here.)

10)  Write a question appropriate for a Calculus final, then answer it.
Write a question appropriate for a Calculus final, then answer it.

Bumper stickers and Buttons

 1. Well, this day was a total waste of make-up.
 2. Make yourself at home! Clean my kitchen.
 3. Who are these kids and why are they calling me Mom?
 4. Don't bother me. I'm living happily ever after.
 5. Do I look like a freakin' people person?
 6. I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert.
 7. This isn't an office-It's Hell with fluorescent lighting.
 8. I started out with nothing & still have most of it left.
 9. I pretend to work. They pretend to pay me.
10. I majored in Liberal Arts. Will that be for here or to go?
11. If I throw a stick, will you leave?
12. You! Off my planet!
13. Therapy is expensive, poppin' bubble wrap is cheap! You choose.
14. Practice random acts of intelligence & senseless acts of self-control.
15. Bottomless pit of needs & wants.
16. I like cats, too. Let's exchange recipes.
17. Friendly checkout clerk. Thanks for keeping me that way!
18. If I want to hear the pitter patter of little feet, I'll put shoes on my
    cat.
19. Does your train of thought have a caboose?
21. Meandering to a different drummer.
22. Errors have been made. Others will be blamed.
24. Let me show you how the guards used to do it.
25. And just how may I screw you over today?
27. I'm not crazy, I've just been in a very bad mood for 30 years.
28. If only you'd use your powers for good instead of evil...
29. How do I set a laser printer to stun?
30. A PBS mind in an MTV world.
32. Allow me to introduce my selves.
33. Sarcasm is just one more service we offer.
34. Whisper my favorite words: "I'll buy it for you."
35. Better living through denial.
36. Whatever kind of look you were going for, you missed.
37. Suburbia: where they tear out the trees & then name streets after them.
38. Adult child of alien invaders.
39. I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
40. I'm just working here till a good fast-food job opens up.
42. I'm not your type. I'm not inflatable.
43. I'm trying to imagine you with a personality.
44. A cubicle is just a padded cell without a door.
45. Stress is when you wake up screaming & you realize you haven't fallen
    asleep yet.
47. I refuse to star in your psychodrama.
48. Here I am! Now what are your other two wishes?
49. Back off! You're standing in my aura.
50. I can't remember if I'm the good twin or the evil one.
51. Don't worry. I forgot your name, too!
52. Adults are just kids who owe money.
53. I plead contemporary insanity.
54. Is it time for your medication or mine?
56. I just want revenge. Is that so wrong?
58. I work 40 hours a week to be this poor.
59. Earth is full. Go home.
60. Can I trade this job for what's behind door #2?
61. Everyone thinks I'm psychotic, except for my friends deep inside the earth.
62. Macho Law forbids me from admitting I'm wrong.
63. Nice perfume. Must you marinate in it?
64. Not all men are annoying. Some are dead.
65. Too may freaks, not enough circuses.
66. Chaos, panic, & disorder - my work here is done.
68. Ambivalent? Well, yes and no.

     My kid beat up your honor roll student.
     
     Hey man, sorry about your daughter.
     
     You! Get out of the gene pool!
     
     Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
     
     I love cats...they taste just like chicken. 
     
     Out of my mind.  Back in five minutes.
     
     As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in public schools.
     
     Happiness is a belt-fed weapon.
     
     Laugh alone and the world thinks you're an idiot.
     
     Sometimes I wake up grumpy; Other times I let her(him) sleep.
     
     I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather...
     ...Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car...
     
     Montana --- At least our cows are sane!
     
     The gene pool could use a little chlorine.
     
     I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian.
     
     Your kid may be an honor student, but you're still an IDIOT!
     
     It's as BAD as you think, and they ARE out to get you.
     
     When you do a good deed, get a receipt, in case heaven is like the IRS.
     
     I took an IQ test and the results were negative.
     
     If we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made of Meat?
     
     Time is the best teacher; Unfortunately it kills its students.
     
     It's lonely at the top, but you eat better.
     
     Reality? That's where the pizza delivery guy comes from!
     
     Forget about World Peace.... Visualize Using Your Turn Signal!
     
     Warning:  Dates in calendar are closer than they appear.
     
     Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
     
     We are born naked, wet, and hungry.  Then things get worse.
     
     Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.
     
     He who laughs last, thinks slowest.
     
     Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
     
     Lottery:  A tax on people who are bad at math.
     
     3 kinds of people: those who can count & those who can't.
     
     Why is 'abbreviation' such a long word?
     
     Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
     
     Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie!'... till you can find a rock.
     
     I like you, but I wouldn't want to see you working with subatomic particles.
     
     I killed a 6-pack, just to watch it die.
     
     Sex on television can't hurt you unless you fall off.
     
     I'm a corporate executive, I keep things from happening.
     
     If Clinton is the answer, it must have been a stupid question.
     
     Very funny, Scotty.   NOW BEAM DOWN MY CLOTHES!
     
     Puritanism:  The haunting fear that someone, somewhere may be happy.
     
     Consciousness:  That annoying time between naps.
     
     I souport publik edekasion
     
     The sex was so good that even the neighbours had a cigarette.
     
     We are MicoSoft.  Resistance is Futile.  You WILL be Assimilated.
     
     Be nice to your kids.  They'll choose your nursing home.


From nf-nt-smi.!news1.jaring.my!news2.jaring.my!usenet Mon Apr 28 19:59:37 1997
Path: nf-nt-smi.!news1.jaring.my!news2.jaring.my!usenet
From: "Foo Woon Leong" <foowl@pbb.po.my>
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes
Subject: Pregnant Woman
Date: 23 Apr 1997 01:32:24 GMT
Organization: Public Bank Berhad
Lines: 22
Message-ID: <01bc4f86$58b80c40$0d8f0576@dpm.jaring.my>
Reply-To: "Foo Woon Leong" <wlfoo@pop.jaring.my>
NNTP-Posting-Host: j8.brf8.jaring.my
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Internet News 4.70.1155

A young woman who was several months pregnant boarded a bus. When she
noticed a young man smiling at her she began feeling humiliated on account
of her condition. She changed her seat and  he seemed more amused. She
moved again and then on her fourth  move he burst out laughing.  She had
him arrested.

When the  case came before the court this was the man's reply when asked 
why he acted in such a manner: "When the lady boarded the bus I couldn't
help noticing she was pregnant. She sat under an advertisement which read 
"Coming Soon: The Gold Dust Twins", then  she moved under one that read
"Sloans Liniments remove Swelling".  I was even more amused when she sat
under a shaving advertisement  which read "William Stick Did The Trick".
Then I could not  control myself any longer when on the fourth move she sat
under  an advertisement which read "Dunlop Rubber would have prevented 
this accident." 

He won the case.

-- 
Foo Woon Leong
wlfoo@pop.jaring.my
http://www.geocities.com/Yosemite/8889


AN ELECTRONIC CHRISTMAS/CHANUKAH CARD TO ALL

	 Lyrics: Evan Leibovitch <evan@telly.on.ca>
	 Code: Beverly Erlebacher <erlebach@cs.toronto.edu>

	 Dedicated to Dave Mason, Chris Siebenmann, and anyone who's left
	 their computers alone just long enough for them to self-destruct:

	 (Sung to the tune of something or other...)


On the first day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	A burnt-out V.D.T.

On the second day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the third day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the fourth day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Four bad blocks;
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the fifth day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Five core dumps;
	Four bad blocks;
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the sixth day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Six bad controllers; 
	Five core dumps;
	Four bad blocks;
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the seventh day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Seven blown partitions;
	Six bad controllers; 
	Five core dumps;
	Four bad blocks;
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the eighth day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Eight gettys dying;
	Seven blown partitions;
	Six bad controllers; 
	Five core dumps;
	Four bad blocks;
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the ninth day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Nine floppies frying;
	Eight gettys dying;
	Seven blown partitions;
	Six bad controllers; 
	Five core dumps;
	Four bad blocks;
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the tenth day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Ten ports a-jamming;
	Nine floppies frying;
	Eight gettys dying;
	Seven blown partitions;
	Six bad controllers; 
	Five core dumps;
	Four bad blocks;
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the eleventh day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Eleven chips a-smoking;
	Ten ports a-jamming;
	Nine floppies frying;
	Eight gettys dying;
	Seven blown partitions;
	Six bad controllers; 
	Five core dumps;
	Four bad blocks;
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the twelfth day I left it, my Unix gave to me:
	Twelve boards a-blowing;
	Eleven chips a-smoking;
	Ten ports a-jamming;
	Nine floppies frying;
	Eight gettys dying;
	Seven blown partitions;
	Six bad controllers; 
	Five core dumps;
	Four bad blocks;
	Three heads crashed;
	Two faulty tapes;
	And a burnt-out V.D.T.

On the thirteenth day I started adapting my Nintendo for the VME bus.


From gollingj@keystone.westminster.edu Tue Oct 28 15:12:08 1997
Date: Tue, 28 Oct 1997 14:59:23 -0500
From: "G. Gollinger" <gollingj@keystone.westminster.edu>
To: gollingj@keystone.westminster.edu
Subject: [Fwd: joke]


  [ Part 1: "Included Message" ]

Xref: pilchuck alt.tasteless.jokes:110621
Path: pilchuck!entropy1!nwnews.wa.com!ixa.net!iagnet.net!newsfeed.internetmci.com!206.154.70.8!news.webspan.net!usenet
From: <charlesg@webspan.net>
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes
Subject: joke
Date: 25 Oct 1997 14:14:13 GMT
Organization: WebSpan Inc., New Jersey
Message-ID: <01bce150$504ba7e0$055a9ace@Pcharlesg>
NNTP-Posting-Host: usr1-00.mon.ny.webspan.net
X-Report-Abuse-To: abuse@mail.webspan.net
NNTP-Posting-Date: 25 Oct 1997 10:14:15 EDT
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Internet News 4.70.1161

The following are a sampling of REAL answers received on exams given by 
the California Department of Transportation's driving school (read Saturday
Traffic School for moving violation offenders.)
                                                                           
                                                              Q: Do you
yield when a blind pedestrian is crossing the road?
A: What for? He can't see my license plate.

Q: Who has the right of way when four cars approach a four-way stop at the
same time?
A: The pick up truck with the gun rack and the bumper sticker saying, "Guns
don't kill  people. I do."

Q: What are the important safety tips to remember when backing your car?
A: Always wear a condom.

Q: When driving through fog, what should you use?
A: Your car.

Q: How can you reduce the possibility of having an accident?
A: Be too ****-faced to find your keys.

Q: What problems would you face if you were arrested for drunk driving?
A: I'd probably lose my buzz a lot faster.

Q: What changes would occur in your lifestyle if you could no longer drive
lawfully?
A: I would be forced to drive unlawfully.

Q: What are some points to remember when passing or being passed?
A: Make eye contact and wave "hello" if he/she is cute.

Q: What is the difference between a flashing red traffic light and a
flashing yellow traffic light?
A: The color.

Q: How do you deal with heavy traffic?
A: Heavy psychedelics.

Q: What can you do to help ease a heavy traffic problem?
A: Carry loaded weapons.
-- 
 charlesg@webspan.net (CHAZ)



Be careful what you wear (or don't wear) when working under your
vehicle... especially in public. From the Morning Herald, Sydney,
Australia, comes this story of a central west couple who drove their
car to K-Mart only to have it break down in the carpark. The man told
his wife to carry on with the shopping while he fixed the car there in
the park. 

The wife returned later to see a small group of people near the car. On
closer inspection she saw a pair of male legs protruding from under the
chassis. Although the man was in shorts, his lack of underpants turned
private parts into glaringly public ones. Unable to stand the
embarrassment, she dutifully stepped forward, quickly put her hands up
his shorts and tucked everything back into place. On regaining her
feet, she looked across the bonnet and found herself staring at her
husband who was standing idly by.

The mechanic, however, had to have three stitches in his head.

From marlin.ucsf.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hammer.uoregon.edu!news.ironhorse.com!mr.net!visi.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news.bc.net!torn!nntp.igs.net!not-for-mail Sun Apr 13 18:20:14 1997
Path: marlin.ucsf.edu!news.uoregon.edu!hammer.uoregon.edu!news.ironhorse.com!mr.net!visi.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news.bc.net!torn!nntp.igs.net!not-for-mail
From: slinger5@igs.net (Slinger)
Newsgroups: alt.tasteless.jokes
Subject: Weight loss during sex
Date: Sat, 12 Apr 1997 18:32:05 GMT
Organization: IGS - Information Gateway Services
Lines: 175
Message-ID: <332c8f5a.439070@news.igs.net>
Reply-To: slinger5@igs.net
NNTP-Posting-Host: ttyd0e.ott.igs.net
X-Newsreader: Forte Free Agent 1.1/16.230
Xref: marlin.ucsf.edu alt.tasteless.jokes:56066

THE DIETER'S GUIDE TOT WEIGHT LOSS DURING SEX

How much weight do we lose during sex?  The diet
literature explains calories burned while jogging,
playing tennis or golfing, but similar information
concerning sexual activity has, until now, been
unavailable.  Yet, a survey of 206,000,000 people
indicated that 96% devote more time and effort to
sex than jogging, tennis, or golf, and we felt
that the time was right for a new type of sex
manual.

EXAMPLES:

1 hr. intensive foreplay
Burns Off:  1 slice (large) chocolate cake

25 min. nonstop lovemaking
Burns Off:  2 slices of pizza with cheese &
mushrooms

53 min. of kissing partner
Burns Off:  1 cheeseburger with 14 french fries

53 minutes kissing yourself
Burns Off:  Christmas turkey with all the
trimmings


PREPARING THE BEDROOM
Includes setting the snooze alarm and dimming the
lights:  42

ADDITIONAL LAST MINUTE PREPARATIONS
Hiding the sex manual:  3 (calories burned)
Decanting the wine:  4
Without a corkscrew:  268

MAKING THE FIRST MOVE
If you are shy:  15
If you are anxious:  43
If you beg:  100

SEDUCING THE PARTNER
If you are rich (cash):  5
   "   "    "   (credit card:  15
If you are poor:  200

INITIAL BODY CONTACT
Fumbling:  4
Casually rummaging around:  7
Seriously rummaging around:  42

REMOVING CLOTHES
With partner's consent:  12
Without partner's consent:  187
Removing socks by violently shaking feet:  418

AROUSAL AND STIMULATION
Blowing in partner's ear:  15
Blowing in your own ear:  2,512

DISAPPOINTMENT (after seeing partner undressed)
Partner looks better with clothes on:  10
Partner wears corrective underwear:  15
Partner turns out to be of wrong sex:  100
You don't mind:  0.25
Partner wearing elevated socks:  50

DOING IT FOR THE FIRST TIME
Fumbling around:  4
Desperately trying to put something somewhere:  18
Completely missing:  126

POSITIONS
Italian (man on top; woman on bottom):  26
German (facing each other, but in different beds):
48
English (woman on top; man hiding):  15
American (both on top):  1243

AFFLICTIONS
Leg cramp:  36
Making believe you don't have a leg cramp:  612
Sneezing (during intercourse):  7
 "  "  (during orgasm):  588

ASSORTED ACCIDENTS
Toupe slips off (if your partner knew you wore
one): 5
  "  "   "  "  (if partner didn't know):  72
Extinguishing cigarette (in ashtray):  1
  "  "   "  "  (in mattress):  17
  "  "   "  "  (in partner's leg): 133
Calling your partner the wrong name:  50

ORGASMIC INTENSITY SCALE
Shoes flew off:  15
Expression didn't change:  0.5
Room turned purple:  4
Face turned purple:  78
Earth moved:  30
If earth actually moved:  1,234,588
Moaning in Turkish:  506

THINGS OFTEN SAID AFTER SEX
"I am so grateful": 15
"It must have been something we ate":  15
"Was it good for you?":  15
"Are you finished?":  15

TRYING AGAIN
If woman is ready:  5
If man is not:  563

ROLLING OVER AND GOING TO SLEEP
After sex:  18
During sex:  546
While parking car:  212

SLEEP
Real:  5
Faked (a good way to avoid sex-craved partner): 74

TAKING A BATH TOGETHER
In a bath:  5
In a sink:  150
In a jacuzzi:  15,269

MAKING THE BED
With partner still in it:  44
(indicates either a neatness obsession, a severe
optic disorder, or a partner who is very tired).
With you still in it:  97
(suggests extreme withdrawal and profound
dissatisfaction)

KEEPING A JOURNAL
Maintaining your own record of sexual activity
will be helpful for keeping track of weightloss.
You needn't go into detail, just list the activity
and the number of calories burned.  A typical
entry in a woman's journal (for example) for a
pleasant low-key sexual experience might read as
follows:

June 1st:  Sex with Harold

Explaining how:  12
Suggesting something different:  3
Calming terrified Harold:  40
Encouraging him to at least take off his socks:  8
Foreplay (a little of this;  a little of that): 56
Intercourse (standing position):  22
  "  "   "  (holding Harold up):  10
  "  "   "  (urging him on):  5
Orgasm:  not sure
Thanking Harold:  3
Waving bye-bye:  1
Total time:  six min. (taxi waiting)
Total calories burned:  160

__________________________________________________

Spam control:  To reply to me, take out the number
5 in my e-mail address....Slinger

__________________________________________________


------------------------------------------------
Spam control:  
To send an e-mail, remove the 5 in e-mail address.

------------------------------------------------



     It was another Payday, and I was tired of being Mr. Goodbar.  So I saw Miss Hershey standing behind the Powerhouse on the corner of Clark and Fifth Avenue, and I whipped out my Whopper and whispered, "Hey Sweetart, how'd you like to Krunch on my Big Hunk for a Million Dollar Bar?"

     Well, she immediately went down on my Tootsie Roll, and, Uno, it was like pure Almond Joy.  I couldn't help but grab her delicious Mounds 'cause it was easy to see that this little Twix had the Red Hots.  It was all I could do to hold back a Snicker and a Krackle as my Butterfinger went up her tight little Kit Kat and she started to scream "Oh Henry, Oh Henry!"

     Soon she was fondling my Peter Paul and Zagnuts and I knew it wouldn't be long before I blew my Milkduds clear to Mars and gave her a taste of the old Milky Way.  She asked if I was into M&M, but I said "Hey Chiclet, no kinky stuff." I said "Look you little Reese Piece, don't be a Zero be a Lifesaver.  Why don't you just take my Whatchamacallit and slip it up your Bit O'Honey?" (And what a piece of JuicyFruit she was, too).

     She screamed, "Oh Crackerjack, you're better than the Three Musketeers!" as I rammed my Ding Dong up her Rocky Road and into her Peanut Butter Cup.  Well, I was givin' it to her Good 'n' Plenty, when all of the sudden...my Starburst!

     Yeah, as luck would have it, she started to grow a bit Chunky and complained of a Wrigley in her stomach.  Sure enough, nine months later, out popped............a Baby Ruth!

     So be carefull what candy you eat ! ! !
??



 

 




    The Internet Wiretap Electronic Edition of

               CAN SUCH THINGS BE
                       by
                 AMBROSE BIERCE

                    New York
        Johnathan Cape and Harrison Smith

   Copyright 1909 by Albert and Charles Boni Inc.

        This text is in the PUBLIC DOMAIN.
               Released July 1993

          Proofread by Rebecca Crowley 
             <rcrowley@zso.dec.com>


CONTENTS

THE DEATH OF HALPIN FRAYSER
THE SECRET OF MACARGER'S GULCH
ONE SUMMER NIGHT
THE MOONLIT ROAD
A DIAGNOSIS OF DEATH
MOXON'S MASTER
A TOUGH TUSSLE
ONE OF TWINS
THE HAUNTED VALLEY
A JUG OF SYRUP
STALEY FLEMING'S HALLUCINATION
A RESUMED IDENTITY
A BABY TRAMP
THE NIGHT-DOINGS AT 'DEADMAN'S'
BEYOND THE WALL
A PSYCHOLOGICAL SHIPWRECK
THE MIDDLE TOE OF THE RIGHT FOOT
JOHN MORTONSON'S FUNERAL
THE REALM OF THE UNREAL
JOHN BARTINE'S WATCH
THE DAMNED THING
HAITA THE SHEPHERD
AN INHABITANT OF CARCOSA
THE STRANGER


   THE DEATH OF HALPIN FRAYSER

	     1

  For by death is wrought greater change than hath been
shown. Whereas in general the spirit that removed cometh
back upon occasion, and is sometimes seen of those in flesh
(appearing in the form of the body it bore) yet it hath
happened that the veritable body without the spirit hath
walked. And it is attested of those encountering who have
lived to speak thereon that a lich so raised up hath no
natural affection, nor remembrance thereof, but only hate.
Also, it is known that some spirits which in life were benign
become by death evil altogether.--HALL.

ONE dark night in midsummer a man waking from
a dreamless sleep in a forest lifted his head from the
earth, and staring a few moments into the black-
ness, said: 'Catharine Larue.' He said nothing
more; no reason was known to him why he should
have said so much.
  The man was Halpin Frayser. He lived in St.
Helena, but where he lives now is uncertain, for he
is dead. One who practises sleeping in the woods
with nothing under him but the dry leaves and
the damp earth, and nothing over him but the
branches from which the leaves have fallen and the
sky from which the earth has fallen, cannot hope for
great longevity, and Frayser had already attained
the age of thirty-two. There are persons in this
world, millions of persons, and far and away the
best persons, who regard that as a very advanced
age. They are the children. To those who view the
voyage of life from the port of departure the
bark that has accomplished any considerable dis-
tance appears already in close approach to the far-
ther shore. However, it is not certain that Halpin
Frayser came to his death by exposure.
  He had been all day in the hills west of the Napa
Valley, looking for doves and such small game as
was in season. Late in the afternoon it had come
on to be cloudy, and he had lost his bearings; and al-
though he had only to go always downhill--every-
where the way to safety when one is lost--the ab-
sence of trails had so impeded him that he was
overtaken by night while still in the forest. Unable
in the darkness to penetrate the thickets of man-
zanita and other undergrowth, utterly bewildered
and overcome with fatigue, he had lain down near
the root of a large madrono and fallen into a dream-
less sleep. It was hours later, in the very middle of
the night, that one of God's mysterious messengers,
gliding ahead of the incalculable host of his com-
panions sweeping westward with the dawn line,
pronounced the awakening word in the ear of the
sleeper, who sat upright and spoke, he knew not
why, a name, he knew not whose.
  Halpin Frayser was not much of a philosopher,
nor a scientist. The circumstance that, waking from
a deep sleep at night in the midst of a forest, he had
spoken aloud a name that he had not in memory
and hardly had in mind did not arouse an en-
lightened curiosity to investigate the phenomenon.
He thought it odd, and with a little perfunctory
shiver, as if in deference to a seasonal presumption
that the night was chill, he lay down again and
went to sleep. But his sleep was no longer dreamless.
  He thought he was walking along a dusty road
that showed white in the gathering darkness of a
summer night. Whence and whither it led, and why
he travelled it, he did not know, though all seemed
simple and natural, as is the way in dreams; for in
the Land Beyond the Bed surprises cease from
troubling and the judgment is at rest. Soon he came
to a parting of the ways; leading from the highway
was a road less travelled, having the appearance, in-
deed, of having been long abandoned, because, he
thought, it led to something evil; yet he turned into
it without hesitation, impelled by some imperious
necessity.
  As he pressed forward he became conscious that
his way was haunted by invisible existences whom
he could not definitely figure to his mind. From
among the trees on either side he caught broken
and incoherent whispers in a strange tongue which
yet he partly understood. They seemed to him
fragmentary utterances of a monstrous conspiracy
against his body and soul.
  It was now long after nightfall, yet the intermi-
nable forest through which he journeyed was lit with
a wan glimmer having no point of diffusion, for in
its mysterious lumination nothing cast a shadow. A
shallow pool in the guttered depression of an old
wheel rut, as from a recent rain, met his eye with
a crimson gleam. He stooped and plunged his hand
into it. It stained his fingers; it was blood! Blood,
he then observed, was about him everywhere. The
weeds growing rankly by the roadside showed it in
blots and splashes on their big, broad leaves. Patches
of dry dust between the wheel-ways were pitted
and spattered as with a red rain. Defiling the trunks
of the trees were broad maculations of crimson, and
blood dripped like dew from their foliage.
  All this he observed with a terror which seemed
not incompatible with the fulfilment of a natural
expectation. It seemed to him that it was all in expi-
ation of some crime which, though conscious of his
guilt, he could not rightly remember. To the menaces
and mysteries of his surroundings the consciousness
was an added horror. Vainly he sought, by tracing
life backward in memory, to reproduce the moment
of his sin; scenes and incidents came crowding
tumultuously into his mind, one picture effacing an-
other, or commingling with it in confusion and ob-
scurity, but nowhere could he catch a glimpse of
what he sought. The failure augmented his terror;
he felt as one who has murdered in the dark, not
knowing whom nor why. So frightful was the situa-
tion--the mysterious light burned with so silent
and awful a menace; the noxious plants, the trees
that by common consent are invested with a mel-
ancholy or baleful character, so openly in his sight
conspired against his peace; from overhead and all
about came so audible and startling whispers and
the sighs of creatures so obviously not of earth--
that he could endure it no longer, and with a great
effort to break some malign spell that bound his
faculties to silence and inaction, he shouted with the
full strength of his lungs! His voice, broken, it
seemed, into an infinite multitude of unfamiliar
sounds, went babbling and stammering away into
the distant reaches of the forest, died into silence,
and all was as before. But he had made a beginning
at resistance and was encouraged. He said:
  'I will not submit unheard. There may be powers
that are not malignant travelling this accursed road.
I shall leave them a record and an appeal. I shall
relate my wrongs, the persecutions that I endure--
I, a helpless mortal, a penitent, an unoffending
poet!' Halpin Frayser was a poet only as he was
a penitent: in his dream.
  Taking from his clothing a small red-leather
pocket-book one half of which was leaved for mem-
oranda, he discovered that he was without a pencil.
He broke a twig from a bush, dipped it into a pool
of blood and wrote rapidly. He had hardly touched
the paper with the point of his twig when a low, wild
peal of laughter broke out at a measureless distance
away, and growing ever louder, seemed approach-
ing ever nearer; a soulless, heartless, and unjoyous
laugh, like that of the loon, solitary by the lake-
side at midnight; a laugh which culminated in an
unearthly shout close at hand, then died away
by slow gradations, as if the accursed being that
uttered it had withdrawn over the verge of the
world whence it had come. But the man felt that
this was not so--that it was near by and had not
moved.
  A strange sensation began slowly to take posses-
sion of his body and his mind. He could not have
said which, if any, of his senses was affected; he felt
it rather as a consciousness--a mysterious mental
assurance of some overpowering presence--some
supernatural malevolence different in kind from
the invisible existences that swarmed about him, and
superior to them in power. He knew that it had
uttered that hideous laugh. And now it seemed to be
approaching him; from what direction he did not
know--dared not conjecture. All his former fears
were forgotten or merged in the gigantic terror that
now held him in thrall. Apart from that, he had but
one thought: to complete his written appeal to the
benign powers who, traversing the haunted wood,
might sometime rescue him if he should be denied
the blessing of annihilation. He wrote with terrible
rapidity, the twig in his fingers rilling blood without
renewal; but in the middle of a sentence his hands
denied their service to his will, his arms fell to his
sides, the book to the earth; and powerless to move
or cry out, he found himself staring into the sharply
drawn face and blank, dead eyes of his own mother,
standing white and silent in the garments of the
grave!

		2

  In his youth Halpin Frayser had lived with his
parents in Nashville, Tennessee. The Fraysers were
well-to-do, having a good position in such society as
had survived the wreck wrought by civil war. Their
children had the social and educational opportunities
of their time and place, and had responded to good
associations and instruction with agreeable manners
and cultivated minds. Halpin being the youngest
and not over robust was perhaps a trifle 'spoiled.'
He had the double disadvantage of a mother's
assiduity and a father's neglect. Frayser pere was
what no Southern man of means is not--a poli-
tician. His country, or rather his section and State,
made demands upon his time and attention so ex-
acting that to those of his family he was compelled
to turn an ear partly deafened by the thunder of
the political captains and the shouting, his own
included.
  Young Halpin was of a dreamy, indolent and
rather romantic turn, somewhat more addicted to
literature than law, the profession to which he was
bred. Among those of his relations who professed
the modern faith of heredity it was well understood
that in him the character of the late Myron Bayne,
a maternal great-grandfather, had revisited the
glimpses of the moon--by which orb Bayne had
in his lifetime been sufficiently affected to be a poet
of no small Colonial distinction. If not specially ob-
served, it was observable that while a Frayser who
was not the proud possessor of a sumptuous copy
of the ancestral 'poetical works' (printed at the
family expense, and long ago withdrawn from an
inhospitable market) was a rare Frayser indeed,
there was an illogical indisposition to honour the
great deceased in the person of his spiritual succes-
sor. Halpin was pretty generally deprecated as an
intellectual black sheep who was likely at any mo-
ment to disgrace the flock by bleating in metre. The
Tennessee Fraysers were a practical folk--not
practical in the popular sense of devotion to sordid
pursuits, but having a robust contempt for any
qualities unfitting a man for the wholesome voca-
tion of politics.
  In justice to young Halpin it should be said that
while in him were pretty faithfully reproduced most
of the mental and moral characteristics ascribed by
history and family tradition to the famous Colonial
bard, his succession to the gift and faculty divine
was purely inferential. Not only had he never been
known to court the Muse, but in truth he could not
have written correctly a line of verse to save him-
self from the Killer of the Wise. Still, there was no
knowing when the dormant faculty might wake and
smite the lyre.
  In the meantime the young man was rather a
loose fish, anyhow. Between him and his mother was
the most perfect sympathy, for secretly the lady was
herself a devout disciple of the late and great Myron
Bayne, though with the tact so generally and justly
admired in her sex (despite the hardy calumniators
who insist that it is essentially the same thing as
cunning) she had always taken care to conceal her
weakness from all eyes but those of him who shared
it. Their common guilt in respect of that was an
added tie between them. If in Halpin's youth his
mother had 'spoiled' him he had assuredly done
his part toward being spoiled. As he grew to such
manhood as is attainable by a Southerner who does
not care which way elections go, the attachment be-
tween him and his beautiful mother--whom from
early childhood he had called Katy--became yearly
stronger and more tender. In these two romantic
natures was manifest in a signal way that neglected
phenomenon, the dominance of the sexual element
in all the relations of life, strengthening, softening,
and beautifying even those of consanguinity. The
two were nearly inseparable, and by strangers ob-
serving their manners were not infrequently mis-
taken for lovers.
  Entering his mother's boudoir one day Halpin
Frayser kissed her upon the forehead, toyed for a
moment with a lock of her dark hair which had es-
caped from its confining pins, and said, with an ob-
vious effort at calmness:
  'Would you greatly mind, Katy, if I were called
away to California for a few weeks?'
  It was hardly needful for Katy to answer with her
lips a question to which her tell-tale cheeks had made
instant reply. Evidently she would greatly mind;
and the tears, too, sprang into her large brown eyes
as corroborative testimony.
  'Ah, my son,' she said, looking up into his face
with infinite tenderness,' I should have known that
this was coming. Did I not lie awake a half of the
night weeping because, during the other half, Grand-
father Bayne had come to me in a dream, and stand-
ing by his portrait--young, too, and handsome as
that--pointed to yours on the same wall? And
when I looked it seemed that I could not see the
features; you had been painted with a face cloth,
such as we put upon the dead. Your father has
laughed at me, but you and I, dear, know that such
things are not for nothing. And I saw below the edge
of the cloth the marks of hands on your throat--
forgive me, but we have not been used to keep such
things from each other. Perhaps you have another
interpretation. Perhaps it does not mean that you
will go to California. Or maybe you will take me
with you?'
  It must be confessed that this ingenious interpre-
tation of the dream in the light of newly discovered
evidence did not wholly commend itself to the son's
more logical mind; he had, for the moment at least,
a conviction that it foreshadowed a more simple and
immediate, if less tragic, disaster than a visit to the
Pacific Coast. It was Halpin Frayser's impression
that he was to be garroted on his native heath.
  'Are there not medicinal springs in California?'
Mrs. Frayser resumed before he had time to give her
the true reading of the dream--'places where one
recovers from rheumatism and neuralgia? Look--
my fingers feel so stiff; and I am almost sure they
have been giving me great pain while I slept.'
She held out her hands for his inspection. What
diagnosis of her case the young man may have
thought it best to conceal with a smile the historian
is unable to state, but for himself he feels bound to
say that fingers looking less stiff, and showing fewer
evidences of even insensible pain, have seldom been
submitted for medical inspection by even the fairest
patient desiring a prescription of unfamiliar scenes.
The outcome of it was that of these two odd per-
sons having equally odd notions of duty, the one
went to California, as the interest of his client re-
quired, and the other remained at home in com-
pliance with a wish that her husband was scarcely
conscious of entertaining.
  While in San Francisco Halpin Frayser was walk-
ing one dark night along the water-front of the city,
when, with a suddenness that surprised and dis-
concerted him, he became a sailor. He was in fact
'shanghaied' aboard a gallant, gallant ship, and
sailed for a far countree. Nor did his misfortunes
end with the voyage; for the ship was cast ashore
on an island of the South Pacific, and it was six years
afterward when the survivors were taken off by a
venturesome trading schooner and brought back to
San Francisco.
  Though poor in purse, Frayser was no less proud
in spirit than he had been in the years that seemed
ages and ages ago. He would accept no assistance
from strangers, and it was while living with a fellow
survivor near the town of St. Helena, awaiting news
and remittances from home, that he had gone gun-
ning and dreaming.

		3

The apparition confronting the dreamer in the
haunted wood--the thing so like, yet so unlike, his
mother--was horrible! It stirred no love nor long-
ings in his heart; it came unattended with pleasant
memories of a golden past--inspired no sentiment
of any kind; all the finer emotions were swallowed
up in fear. He tried to turn and run from before it,
but his legs were as lead; he was unable to lift his
feet from the ground. His arms hung helpless at his
sides; of his eyes only he retained control, and these
he dared not remove from the lustreless orbs of the
apparition, which he knew was not a soul without
a body, but that most dreadful of all existences in-
festing that haunted wood--a body without a soul!
In its blank stare was neither love, nor pity, nor
intelligence--nothing to which to address an ap-
peal for mercy. 'An appeal will not lie,' he thought,
with an absurd reversion to professional slang, mak-
ing the situation more horrible, as the fire of a cigar
might light up a tomb.
  For a time, which seemed so long that the world
grew grey with age and sin, and the haunted forest,
having fulfilled its purpose in this monstrous cul-
mination of its terrors, vanished out of his conscious-
ness with all its sights and sounds, the apparition
stood within a pace, regarding him with the mind-
less malevolence of a wild brute; then thrust its
hands forward and sprang upon him with appalling
ferocity! The act released his physical energies with-
out unfettering his will; his mind was still spell-
bound, but his powerful body and agile limbs,
endowed with a blind, insensate life of their own, re-
sisted stoutly and well. For an instant he seemed to
see this unnatural contest between a dead intelli-
gence and a breathing mechanism only as a spectator
--such fancies are in dreams; then he regained
his identity almost as if by a leap forward into his
body, and the straining automaton had a direct-
ing will as alert and fierce as that of its hideous
antagonist.
  But what mortal can cope with a creature of his
dream? The imagination creating the enemy is al-
ready vanquished; the combat's result is the com-
bat's cause. Despite his struggles--despite his
strength and activity, which seemed wasted in a
void, he felt the cold fingers close upon his throat.
Borne backward to the earth, he saw above him the
dead and drawn face within a hand's-breadth of his
own, and then all was black. A sound as of the beat-
ing of distant drums--a murmur of swarming
voices, a sharp, far cry signing all to silence, and
Halpin Frayser dreamed that he was dead.

		4

  A warm, clear night had been followed by a
morning of drenching fog. At about the middle of
the afternoon of the preceding day a little whiff of
light vapour--a mere thickening of the atmos-
phere, the ghost of a cloud--had been observed
clinging to the western side of Mount St. Helena,
away up along the barren altitudes near the sum-
mit. It was so thin, so diaphanous, so like a fancy
made visible, that one would have said: 'Look
quickly! in a moment it will be gone.'
  In a moment it was visibly larger and denser.
While with one edge it clung to the mountain, with
the other it reached farther and farther out into the
air above the lower slopes. At the same time it ex-
tended itself to north and south, joining small
patches of mist that appeared to come out of the
mountain-side on exactly the same level, with an in-
telligent design to be absorbed. And so it grew and
grew until the summit was shut out of view from
the valley, and over the valley itself was an ever-
extending canopy, opaque and grey. At Calistoga,
which lies near the head of the valley and the foot
of the mountain, there were a starless night and a
sunless morning. The fog, sinking into the valley,
had reached southward, swallowing up ranch after
ranch, until it had blotted out the town of St.
Helena, nine miles away. The dust in the road was
laid; trees were adrip with moisture; birds sat
silent in their coverts; the morning light was wan
and ghastly, with neither colour nor fire.
  Two men left the town of St. Helena at the first
glimmer of dawn, and walked along the road north-
ward up the valley toward Calistoga. They carried
guns on their shoulders, yet no one having knowledge
of such matters could have mistaken them for
hunters of bird or beast. They were a deputy sheriff
from Napa and a detective from San Francisco--
Holker and Jaralson, respectively. Their business
was man-hunting.
  'How far is it?' inquired Holker, as they strode
along, their feet stirring white the dust beneath the
damp surface of the road.
  'The White Church? Only a half mile farther,'
the other answered. 'By the way,' he added, 'it
is neither white nor a church; it is an abandoned
schoolhouse, grey with age and neglect. Religious
services were once held in it--when it was white,
and there is a graveyard that would delight a poet.
Can you guess why I sent for you, and told you to
come armed?'
  'Oh, I never have bothered you about things of
that kind. I've always found you communicative
when the time came. But if I may hazard a guess,
you want me to help you arrest one of the corpses
in the graveyard.'
  'You remember Branscom?' said Jaralson, treat-
ing his companion's wit with the inattention that it
deserved.
  'The chap who cut his wife's throat? I ought; I
wasted a week's work on him and had my expenses
for my trouble. There is a reward of five hundred
dollars, but none of us ever got a sight of him. You
don't mean to say--'
  'Yes, I do. He has been under the noses of you
fellows all the time. He comes by night to the old
graveyard at the White Church.'
  'The devil! That's where they buried his wife.'
  'Well, you fellows might have had sense enough
to suspect that he would return to her grave some
time! '
  'The very last place that anyone would have ex-
pected him to return to.'
  'But you had exhausted all the other places.
Learning your failure at them, I "laid for him"
there.'
  'And you found him?'
  'Damn it! he found me. The rascal got the drop
on me--regularly held me up and made me travel.
It's God's mercy that he didn't go through me.
Oh, he's a good one, and I fancy the half of that
reward is enough for me if you're needy.'
  Holker laughed good-humouredly, and explained
that his creditors were never more importunate.
  'I wanted merely to show you the ground, and
arrange a plan with you,' the detective explained.
'I thought it as well for us to be armed, even in
daylight.'
  'The man must be insane,' said the deputy sheriff.
'The reward is for his capture and conviction. If
he's mad he won't be convicted.'
  Mr. Holker was so profoundly affected by that
possible failure of justice that he involuntarily
stopped in the middle of the road, then resumed his
walk with abated zeal.
  'Well, he looks it,' assented Jaralson. 'I'm bound
to admit that a more unshaven, unshorn, unkempt,
and uneverything wretch I never saw outside the
ancient and honourable order of tramps. But I've
gone in for him, and can't make up my mind to let
go. There's glory in it for us, anyhow. Not another
soul knows that he is this side of the Mountains of
the Moon.'
  'All right,' Holker said; 'we will go and view the
ground,' and he added, in the words of a once
favourite inscription for tombstones: '"where you
must shortly lie"--I mean if old Branscom ever
gets tired of you and your impertinent intrusion.
By the way, I heard the other day that "Brans-
com" was not his real name.'
  'What is?'
  'I can't recall it. I had lost all interest in the
wretch. and it did not fix itself in my memory--
something like Pardee. The woman whose throat he
had the bad taste to cut was a widow when he met
her. She had come to California to look up some
relatives--there are persons who will do that some-
times. But you know all that.'
  'Naturally.'
  'But not knowing the right name, by what happy
inspiration did you find the right grave? The man
who told me what the name was said it had been cut
on the headboard.'
  'I don't know the right grave.' Jaralson was ap-
parently a trifle reluctant to admit his ignorance of
so important a point of his plan. 'I have been watch-
ing about the place generally. A part of our work
this morning will be to identify that grave. Here is
the White Church.'
  For a long distance the road had been bordered by
fields on both sides, but now on the left there was a
forest of oaks, madronos, and gigantic spruces whose
lower parts only could be seen, dim and ghostly in
the fog. The undergrowth was, in places, thick, but
nowhere impenetrable. For some moments Holker
saw nothing of the building, but as they turned into
the woods it revealed itself in faint grey outline
through the fog, looking huge and far away. A few
steps more, and it was within an arm's length, dis-
tinct, dark with moisture, and insignificant in size.
It had the usual country-schoolhouse form--be-
longed to the packing-box order of architecture;
had an underpinning of stones, a moss-grown roof,
and blank window spaces, whence both glass and
sash had long departed. It was ruined, but not a ruin
--a typical Californian substitute for what are
known to guide-bookers abroad as 'monuments of
the past.' With scarcely a glance at this uninterest-
ing structure Jaralson moved on into the dripping
undergrowth beyond.
  'I will show you where he held me up,' he said.
'This is the graveyard.'
  Here and there among the bushes were small en-
closures containing graves, sometimes no more than
one. They were recognized as graves by the dis-
coloured stones or rotting boards at head and foot,
leaning at all angles, some prostrate; by the ruined
picket fences surrounding them; or, infrequently, by
the mound itself showing its gravel through the
fallen leaves. In many instances nothing marked
the spot where lay the vestiges of some poor mortal
--who, leaving 'a large circle of sorrowing friends,'
had been left by them in turn--except a depression
in the earth, more lasting than that in the spirits of
the mourners. The paths, if any paths had been,
were long obliterated; trees of a considerable size
had been permitted to grow up from the graves and
thrust aside with root or branch the enclosing
fences. Over all was that air of abandonment and
decay which seems nowhere so fit and significant
as in a village of the forgotten dead.
  As the two men, Jaralson leading, pushed their
way through the growth of young trees, that enter-
prising man suddenly stopped and brought up his
shotgun to the height of his breast, uttered a low
note of warning, and stood motionless, his eyes
fixed upon something ahead. As well as he could,
obstructed by brush, his companion, though
seeing nothing, imitated the posture and so
stood, prepared for what might ensue. A moment
later Jaralson moved cautiously forward, the other
following.
  Under the branches of an enormous spruce lay the
dead body of a man. Standing silent above it they
noted such particulars as first strike the attention--
the face, the attitude, the clothing; whatever most
promptly and plainly answers the unspoken ques-
tion of a sympathetic curiosity.
  The body lay upon its back, the legs wide apart.
One arm was thrust upward, the other outward; but
the latter was bent acutely, and the hand was near
the throat. Both hands were tightly clenched. The
whole attitude was that of desperate but ineffectual
resistance to--what?
  Near by lay a shotgun and a game bag through
the meshes of which was seen the plumage of shot
birds. All about were evidences of a furious strug-
gle; small sprouts of poison-oak were bent and
denuded of leaf and bark; dead and rotting leaves
had been pushed into heaps and ridges on both sides
of the legs by the action of other feet than theirs;
alongside the hips were unmistakable impressions
of human knees.
  The nature of the struggle was made clear by a
glance at the dead man's throat and face. While
breast and hands were white, those were purple--
almost black. The shoulders lay upon a low mound,
and the head was turned back at an angle otherwise
impossible, the expanded eyes staring blankly back-
ward in a direction opposite to that of the feet. From
the froth filling the open mouth the tongue pro-
truded, black and swollen. The throat showed hor-
rible contusions; not mere finger-marks, but bruises
and lacerations wrought by two strong hands that
must have buried themselves in the yielding flesh,
maintaining their terrible grasp until long after
death. Breast, throat, face, were wet; the clothing
was saturated; drops of water, condensed from the
fog, studded the hair and moustache.
  All this the two men observed without speaking--
almost at a glance. Then Holker said:
  'Poor devil! he had a rough deal.'
  Jaralson was making a vigilant circumspection of
the forest, his shotgun held in both hands and at full
cock, his finger upon the trigger.
  'The work of a maniac,' he said, without with-
drawing his eyes from the enclosing wood. 'It was
done by Branscom--Pardee.'
  Something half hidden by the disturbed leaves on
the earth caught Holker's attention. It was a red-
leather pocket-book. He picked it up and opened it.
It contained leaves of white paper for memoranda,
and upon the first leaf was the name 'Halpin Fray-
ser.' Written in red on several succeeding leaves--
scrawled as if in haste and barely legible--were
the following lines, which Holker read aloud, while
his companion continued scanning the dim grey
confines of their narrow world and hearing matter
of apprehension in the drip of water from every bur-
dened branch:

'Enthralled by some mysterious spell, I stood
 In the lit gloom of an enchanted wood.
  The cypress there and myrtle twined their
    boughs,
 Significant, in baleful brotherhood.

'The brooding willow whispered to the yew;
 Beneath, the deadly nightshade and the rue,
  With immortelles self-woven into strange
 Funereal shapes, and horrid nettles grew.

'No song of bird nor any drone of bees,
 Nor light leaf lifted by the wholesome breeze:
  The air was stagnant all, and Silence was
 A living thing that breathed among the trees.

'Conspiring spirits whispered in the gloom,
 Half-heard, the stilly secrets of the tomb.
  With blood the trees were all adrip; the leaves
 Shone in the witch-light with a ruddy bloom.

'I cried aloud!--the spell, unbroken still,
 Rested upon my spirit and my will.
  Unsouled, unhearted, hopeless and forlorn,
 I strove with monstrous presages of ill!

'At last the viewless--'

  Holker ceased reading; there was no more to
read. The manuscript broke off in the middle of a
line.
  'That sounds like Bayne,' said Jaralson, who was
something of a scholar in his way. He had abated
his vigilance and stood looking down at the body.
  'Who's Bayne?' Holker asked rather incuriously.
  'Myron Bayne, a chap who flourished in the
early years of the nation--more than a century
ago. Wrote mighty dismal stuff; I have his collected
works. That poem is not among them, but it must
have been omitted by mistake.'
  'It is cold,' said Holker; 'let us leave here; we
must have up the coroner from Napa.'
  Jaralson said nothing, but made a movement in
compliance. Passing the end of the slight elevation
of earth upon which the dead man's head and
shoulders lay, his foot struck some hard substance
under the rotting forest leaves, and he took the
trouble to kick it into view. It was a fallen head-
board, and painted on it were the hardly de-
cipherable words, 'Catharine Larue.'
  'Larue, Larue!' exclaimed Holker, with sudden
animation. 'Why, that is the real name of Brans-
com--not Pardee. And--bless my soul! how it all
comes to me--the murdered woman's name had
been Frayser!'
  'There is some rascally mystery here,' said De-
tective Jaralson. 'I hate anything of that kind.'
There came to them out of the fog--seemingly
from a great distance--the sound of a laugh, a low,
deliberate, soulless laugh which had no more of joy
than that of a hyena night-prowling in the desert; a
laugh that rose by slow gradation, louder and louder,
clearer, more distinct and terrible, until it seemed
barely outside the narrow circle of their vision; a
laugh so unnatural, so unhuman, so devilish, that
it filled those hardy man-hunters with a sense of
dread unspeakable! They did not move their weap-
ons nor think of them; the menace of that horrible
sound was not of the kind to be met with arms.
As it had grown out of silence, so now it died away;
from a culminating shout which had seemed almost
in their ears, it drew itself away into the distance
until its failing notes, joyous and mechanical to the
last, sank to silence at a measureless remove.


THE SECRET OF MACARGER'S GULCH

NORTHWESTWARDLY from Indian Hill, about nine
miles as the crow flies, is Macarger's Gulch. It is not
much of a gulch--a mere depression between two
wooded ridges of inconsiderable height. From its
mouth up to its head--for gulches, like rivers, have
an anatomy of their own--the distance does not
exceed two miles, and the width at bottom is at
only one place more than a dozen yards; for most of
the distance on either side of the little brook which
drains it in winter, and goes dry in the early spring,
there is no level ground at all; the steep slopes of the
hills, covered with an almost inpenetrable growth of
manzanita and chemisal, are parted by nothing but
the width of the watercourse. No one but an occa-
sional enterprising hunter of the vicinity ever goes
into Macarger's Gulch, and five miles away it is un-
known, even by name. Within that distance in any
direction are far more conspicuous topographical
features without names, and one might try in vain
to ascertain by local inquiry the origin of the name
of this one.
  About midway between the head and the mouth
of Macarger's Gulch, the hill on the right as you
ascend is cloven by another gulch, a short dry one,
and at the junction of the two is a level space of two
or three acres, and there a few years ago stood an
old board house containing one small room. How
the component parts of the house, few and simple as
they were, had been assembled at that almost inac-
cessible point is a problem in the solution of which
there would be greater satisfaction than advantage.
Possibly the creek bed is a reformed road. It is
certain that the gulch was at one time pretty thor-
oughly prospected by miners, who must have had
some means of getting in with at least pack animals
carrying tools and supplies; their profits, apparently,
were not such as would have justified any consider-
able outlay to connect Macarger's Gulch with any
centre of civilization enjoying the distinction of a
sawmill. The house, however, was there, most of it.
It lacked a door and a window frame, and the
chimney of mud and stones had fallen into an un-
lovely heap, overgrown with rank weeds. Such
humble furniture as there may once have been and
much of the lower weather-boarding, had served as
fuel in the camp fires of hunters; as had also, prob-
ably, the kerbing of an old well, which at the time I
write of existed in the form of a rather wide but
not very deep depression near by.
  One afternoon in the summer of 1874, I passed up
Macarger's Gulch from the narrow valley into which
it opens, by following the dry bed of the brook. I
was quail-shooting and had made a bag of about a
dozen birds by the time I had reached the house
described, of whose existence I was until then un-
aware. After rather carelessly inspecting the ruin I
resumed my sport, and having fairly good success
prolonged it until near sunset, when it occurred to
me that I was a long way from any human habita-
tion--too far to reach one by nightfall. But in my
game bag was food, and the old house would afford
shelter, if shelter were needed on a warm and dew-
less night in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada,
where one may sleep in comfort on the pine needles,
without covering. I am fond of solitude and love the
night, so my resolution to 'camp out' was soon
taken, and by the time that it was dark I had made
my bed of boughs and grasses in a corner of the
room and was roasting a quail at a fire that I had
kindled on the hearth. The smoke escaped out of
the ruined chimney, the light illuminated the room
with a kindly glow, and as I ate my simple meal of
plain bird and drank the remains of a bottle of red
wine which had served me all the afternoon in place
of the water, which the region did not supply, I ex-
perienced a sense of comfort which better fare and
accommodations do not always give.
  Nevertheless, there was something lacking. I had
a sense of comfort, but not of security. I detected
myself staring more frequently at the open doorway
and blank window than I could find warrant for
doing. Outside these apertures all was black, and I
was unable to repress a certain feeling of apprehen-
sion as my fancy pictured the outer world and filled
it with unfriendly entities, natural and supernatural
--chief among which, in their respective classes
were the grizzly bear, which I knew was occasionally
still seen in that region, and the ghost, which I had
reason to think was not. Unfortunately, our feelings
do not always respect the law of probabilities, and to
me that evening, the possible and the impossible
were equally disquieting.
  Every one who has had experience in the matter
must have observed that one confronts the actual
and imaginary perils of the night with far less appre-
hension in the open air than in a house with an open
doorway. I felt this now as I lay on my leafy couch
in a corner of the room next to the chimney and per-
mitted my fire to die out. So strong became my
sense of the presence of something malign and men-
acing in the place, that I found myself almost un-
able to withdraw my eyes from the opening, as in
the deepening darkness it became more and more
indistinct. And when the last little flame flickered
and went out I grasped the shotgun which I had
laid at my side and actually turned the muzzle in
the direction of the now invisible entrance, my
thumb on one of the hammers, ready to cock the
piece, my breath suspended, my muscles rigid
and tense. But later I laid down the weapon
with a sense of shame and mortification. What
did I fear, and why?--I, to whom the night had
been
   
             a more familiar face
         Than that of man--

I, in whom that element of hereditary superstition
from which none of us is altogether free had given
to solitude and darkness and silence only a more
alluring interest and charm! I was unable to com-
prehend my folly, and losing in the conjecture the
thing conjectured of, I fell asleep. And then I
dreamed.
  I was in a great city in a foreign land--a city
whose people were of my own race, with minor
differences of speech and costume; yet precisely
what these were I could not say; my sense of them
was indistinct. The city was dominated by a great
castle upon an overlooking height whose name I
knew, but could not speak. I walked through many
streets, some broad and straight with high, modern
buildings, some narrow, gloomy, and tortuous, be-
tween the gables of quaint old houses whose over-
hanging stories, elaborately ornamented with carv-
ings in wood and stone, almost met above my head.
  I sought some one whom I had never seen, yet
knew that I should recognize when found. My quest
was not aimless and fortuitous; it had a definite
method. I turned from one street into another with-
out hesitation and threaded a maze of intricate
passages, devoid of the fear of losing my way.
  Presently I stopped before a low door in a plain
stone house which might have been the dwelling of
an artisan of the better sort, and without announc-
ing myself, entered. The room, rather sparely fur-
nished, and lighted by a single window with small
diamond-shaped panes, had but two occupants. a
man and a woman. They took no notice of my
intrusion, a circumstance which, in the manner
of dreams, appeared entirely natural. They were
not conversing; they sat apart, unoccupied and
sullen.
  The woman was young and rather stout, with fine
large eyes and a certain grave beauty; my memory
of her expression is exceedingly vivid, but in dreams
one does not observe the details of faces. About
her shoulders was a plaid shawl. The man was older,
dark, with an evil face made more forbidding by a
long scar extending from near the left temple di-
agonally downward into the black moustache;
though in my dreams it seemed rather to haunt the
face as a thing apart--I can express it no other-
wise--than to belong to it. The moment that I
found the man and woman I knew them to be hus-
band and wife.
  What followed, I remember indistinctly; all was
confused and inconsistent--made so, I think, by
gleams of consciousness. It was as if two pictures, the
scene of my dream, and my actual surroundings,
had been blended, one overlying the other, until
the former, gradually fading, disappeared, and I
was broad awake in the deserted cabin, entirely and
tranquilly conscious of my situation.
  My foolish fear was gone, and opening my eyes
I saw that my fire, not altogether burned out, had
revived by the falling of a stick and was again
lighting the room. I had probably slept only a few
minutes, but my commonplace dream had somehow
so strongly impressed me that I was no longer
drowsy; and after a little while I rose, pushed the
embers of my fire together, and lighting my pipe pro-
ceeded in a rather ludicrously methodical way to
meditate upon my vision.
  It would have puzzled me then to say in what re-
spect it was worth attention. In the first moment of
serious thought that I gave to the matter I recog-
nized the city of my dream as Edinburgh, where
I had never been; so if the dream was a memory
it was a memory of pictures and description. The
recognition somehow deeply impressed me; it was
as if something in my mind insisted rebelliously
against will and reason on the importance of all
this. And that faculty, whatever it was, asserted also
a control of my speech. 'Surely,' I said aloud, quite
involuntarily, 'the MacGregors must have come
here from Edinburgh.'
  At the moment, neither the substance of this re-
mark nor the fact of my making it surprised me in
the least; it seemed entirely natural that I should
know the name of my dreamfolk and something of
their history. But the absurdity of it all soon dawned
upon me: I laughed aloud, knocked the ashes from
my pipe and again stretched myself upon my bed
of boughs and grass, where I lay staring absently
into my failing fire, with no further thought of
either my dream or my surroundings. Suddenly the
single remaining flame crouched for a moment,
then, springing upward, lifted itself clear of its
embers and expired in air. The darkness was
absolute.
  At that instant--almost, it seemed, before the
gleam of the blaze had faded from my eyes--there
was a dull, dead sound, as of some heavy body fall-
ing upon the floor, which shook beneath me as I lay.
I sprang to a sitting posture and groped at my side
for my gun; my notion was that some wild beast
had leaped in through the open window. While the
flimsy structure was still shaking from the impact I
heard the sound of blows, the scuffling of feet upon
the floor, and then--it seemed to come from almost
within reach of my hand, the sharp shrieking of a
woman in mortal agony. So horrible a cry I had
never heard nor conceived; it utterly unnerved me;
I was conscious for a moment of nothing but my
own terror! Fortunately my hand now found the
weapon of which it was in search, and the familiar
touch somewhat restored me. I leaped to my feet,
straining my eyes to pierce the darkness. The
violent sounds had ceased, but more terrible than
these, I heard, at what seemed long intervals, the
faint intermittent gasping of some living, dying
thing!
  As my eyes grew accustomed to the dim light of
the coals in the fireplace, I saw first the shapes of
the door and window looking blacker than the black
of the walls. Next, the distinction between wall and
floor became discernible, and at last I was sensible to
the form and full expanse of the floor from end to
end and side to side. Nothing was visible and the
silence was unbroken.
  With a hand that shook a little, the other still
grasping my gun, I restored my fire and made a
critical examination of the place. There was nowhere
any sign that the cabin had been entered. My own
tracks were visible in the dust covering the floor, but
there were no others. I relit my pipe, provided fresh
fuel by ripping a thin board or two from the inside
of the house--I did not care to go into the darkness
out of doors--and passed the rest of the night
smoking and thinking, and feeding my fire; not for
added years of life would I have permitted that little
flame to expire again.

  Some years afterward I met in Sacramento a man
named Morgan, to whom I had a note of introduc-
tion from a friend in San Francisco. Dining with
him one evening at his home I observed various
'trophies' upon the wall, indicating that he was fond
of shooting. It turned out that he was, and in re-
lating some of his feats he mentioned having been
in the region of my adventure.
  'Mr. Morgan,' I asked abruptly, 'do you know
a place up there called Macarger's Gulch? '
  'I have good reason to,' he replied; 'it was I who
gave to the newspapers, last year, the accounts of
the finding of the skeleton there."
  I had not heard of it; the accounts had been pub-
lished, it appeared, while I was absent in the East.
  'By the way,' said Morgan, 'the name of the
gulch is a corruption; it should have been called
"MacGregor's." My dear,' he added, speaking to
his wife, 'Mr. Elderson has upset his wine.'
  That was hardly accurate--I had simply dropped
it, glass and all.
  'There was an old shanty once in the gulch,' Mor-
gan resumed when the ruin wrought by my awk-
wardness had been repaired, 'but just previously to
my visit it had been blown down, or rather blown
away, for its debris was scattered all about, the very
floor being parted, plank from plank. Between two
of the sleepers still in position I and my companion
observed the remnant of a plaid shawl, and examin-
ing it found that it was wrapped about the shoulders
of the body of a woman; of course but little re-
mained besides the bones, partly covered with frag-
ments of clothing, and brown dry skin. But we will
spare Mrs. Morgan,' he added with a smile. The
lady had indeed exhibited signs of disgust rather
than sympathy.
  'It is necessary to say, however,' he went on,
'that the skull was fractured in several places, as by
blows of some blunt instrument; and that instru-
ment itself--a pick-handle, still stained with blood
--lay under the boards near by.'
  Mr. Morgan turned to his wife. 'Pardon me, my
dear,' he said with affected solemnity, 'for men-
tioning these disagreeable particulars, the natural
though regrettable incidents of a conjugal quarrel--
resulting, doubtless, from the luckless wife's insub-
ordination.'
  'I ought to be able to overlook it,' the lady re-
plied with composure; 'you have so many times
asked me to in those very words.'
  I thought he seemed rather glad to go on with
his story.
  'From these and other circumstances,' he said,
'the coroner's jury found that the deceased, Janet
MacGregor, came to her death from blows inflicted
by some person to the jury unknown; but it was
added that the evidence pointed strongly to her hus-
band, Thomas MacGregor, as the guilty person. But
Thomas MacGregor has never been found nor heard
of. It was learned that the couple came from Edin-
burgh, but not--my dear, do you not observe that
Mr. Elderson's bone-plate has water in it?'
  I had deposited a chicken bone in my finger bowl.
  'In a little cupboard I found a photograph of
MacGregor, but it did not lead to his capture.'
  'Will you let me see it?' I said.
  The picture showed a dark man with an evil face
made more forbidding by a long scar extending from
near the temple diagonally downward into the black
moustache.
  'By the way, Mr. Elderson,' said my affable host,
'may I know why you asked about "Macarger's
Gulch"?'
  'I lost a mule near there once,' I replied, 'and
the mischance has--has quite--upset me.'
  'My dear,' said Mr. Morgan, with the mechanical
intonation of an interpreter translating, 'the loss of
Mr. Elderson's mule has peppered his coffee.'


ONE SUMMER NIGHT

THE fact that Henry Armstrong was buried did not
seem to him to prove that he was dead: he had al-
ways been a hard man to convince. That he really
was buried, the testimony of his senses compelled
him to admit. His posture--flat upon his back, with
his hands crossed upon his stomach and tied with
something that he easily broke without profitably
altering the situation--the strict confinement of
his entire person, the black darkness and profound
silence, made a body of evidence impossible to
controvert and he accepted it without cavil.
  But dead--no; he was only very, very ill. He had,
withal, the invalid's apathy and did not greatly con-
cern himself about the uncommon fate that had been
allotted to him. No philosopher was he--just a
plain, commonplace person gifted, for the time be-
ing, with a pathological indifference: the organ that
he feared consequences with was torpid. So, with
no particular apprehension for his immediate fu-
ture, he fell asleep and all was peace with Henry
Armstrong.
  But something was going on overhead. It was a
dark summer night, shot through with infrequent
shimmers of lightning silently firing a cloud lying
low in the west and portending a storm. These brief,
stammering illuminations brought out with ghastly
distinctness the monuments and headstones of the
cemetery and seemed to set them dancing. It was
not a night in which any credible witness was likely
to be straying about a cemetery, so the three men
who were there, digging into the grave of Henry
Armstrong, felt reasonably secure.
  Two of them were young students from a medi-
cal college a few miles away; the third was a gigan-
tic negro known as Jess. For many years Jess had
been employed about the cemetery as a man-of-all-
work and it was his favourite pleasantry that he
knew 'every soul in the place.' From the nature of
what he was now doing it was inferable that the
place was not so populous as its register may have
shown it to be.
  Outside the wall, at the part of the grounds
farthest from the public road, were a horse and a
light wagon, waiting.
  The work of excavation was not difficult: the
earth with which the grave had been loosely filled a
few hours before offered little resistance and was
soon thrown out. Removal of the casket from its box
was less easy, but it was taken out, for it was a
perquisite of Jess, who carefully unscrewed the
cover and laid it aside, exposing the body in black
trousers and white shirt. At that instant the air
sprang to flame, a cracking shock of thunder shook
the stunned world and Henry Armstrong tranquilly
sat up. With inarticulate cries the men fled in terror,
each in a different direction. For nothing on earth
could two of them have been persuaded to return.
But Jess was of another breed.
  In the grey of the morning the two students,
pallid and haggard from anxiety and with the terror
of their adventure still beating tumultuously in their
blood, met at the medical college.
  'You saw it?' cried one.
  'God! yes--what are we to do?'
  They went around to the rear of the building,
where they saw a horse, attached to a light wagon,
hitched to a gatepost near the door of the dissecting-
room. Mechanically they entered the room. On a
bench in the obscurity sat the negro Jess. He rose,
grinning, all eyes and teeth.
  'I'm waiting for my pay,' he said.
  Stretched naked on a long table lay the body of
Henry Armstrong, the head defiled with blood and
clay from a blow with a spade.


THE MOONLIT ROAD

1: Statement of Joel Hetman, Jr.

I AM the most unfortunate of men. Rich, respected,
fairly well educated and of sound health--with
many other advantages usually valued by those
having them and coveted by those who have them
not--I sometimes think that I should be less un-
happy if they had been denied me, for then the
contrast between my outer and my inner life would
not be continually demanding a painful attention. In
the stress of privation and the need of effort I might
sometimes forget the sombre secret ever baffling the
conjecture that it compels.
  I am the only child of Joel and Julia Hetman. The
one was a well-to-do country gentleman, the other
a beautiful and accomplished woman to whom he
was passionately attached with what I now know
to have been a jealous and exacting devotion.
The family home was a few miles from Nash-
ville, Tennessee, a large, irregularly built dwell-
ing of no particular order of architecture, a
little way off the road, in a park of trees and
shrubbery.
  At the time of which I write I was nineteen years
old, a student at Yale. One day I received a tele-
gram from my father of such urgency that in com-
pliance with its unexplained demand I left at once
for home. At the railway station in Nashville a dis-
tant relative awaited me to apprise me of the reason
for my recall: my mother had been barbarously
murdered--why and by whom none could conjec-
ture, but the circumstances were these.
  My father had gone to Nashville, intending to re-
turn the next afternoon. Something prevented his
accomplishing the business in hand, so he returned
on the same night, arriving just before the dawn.
In his testimony before the coroner he explained
that having no latchkey and not caring to disturb the
sleeping servants, he had, with no clearly defined
intention, gone round to the rear of the house. As he
turned an angle of the building, he heard a sound as
of a door gently closed, and saw in the darkness, in-
distinctly, the figure of a man, which instantly dis-
appeared among the trees of the lawn. A hasty pur-
suit and brief search of the grounds in the belief
that the trespasser was some one secretly visiting
a servant proving fruitless, he entered at the un-
locked door and mounted the stairs to my mother's
chamber. Its door was open, and stepping into black
darkness he fell headlong over some heavy object
on the floor. I may spare myself the details; it was
my poor mother, dead of strangulation by human
hands!
  Nothing had been taken from the house, the serv-
ants had heard no sound, and excepting those ter-
rible finger-marks upon the dead woman's throat--
dear God! that I might forget them!--no trace of
the assassin was ever found.
  I gave up my studies and remained with my
father, who, naturally, was greatly changed. Always
of a sedate, taciturn disposition, he now fell into so
deep a dejection that nothing could hold his atten-
tion, yet anything--a footfall, the sudden closing
of a door--aroused in him a fitful interest; one
might have called it an apprehension. At any small
surprise of the senses he would start visibly and
sometimes turn pale, then relapse into a melancholy
apathy deeper than before. I suppose he was what
is called a 'nervous wreck.' As to me, I was younger
then than now--there is much in that. Youth is
Gilead, in which is balm for every wound. Ah, that
I might again dwell in that enchanted land! Un-
acquainted with grief, I knew not how to appraise
my bereavement; I could not rightly estimate the
strength of the stroke.
  One night, a few months after the dreadful event,
my father and I walked home from the city. The
full moon was about three hours above the eastern
horizon; the entire countryside had the solemn still-
ness of a summer night; our footfalls and the cease-
less song of the katydids were the only sound, aloof.
Black shadows of bordering trees lay athwart the
road, which, in the short reaches between, gleamed
a ghostly white. As we approached the gate to our
dwelling, whose front was in shadow, and in which
no light shone, my father suddenly stopped and
clutched my arm, saying, hardly above his breath:
  'God! God! what is that?'
  'I hear nothing,' I replied.
  'But see--see!' he said, pointing along the road,
directly ahead.
  I said: 'Nothing is there. Come, father, let us go
in--you are ill.'
  He had released my arm and was standing rigid
and motionless in the centre of the illuminated road-
way, staring like one bereft of sense. His face in the
moonlight showed a pallor and fixity inexpressibly
distressing. I pulled gently at his sleeve, but he had
forgotten my existence. Presently he began to re-
tire backward, step by step, never for an instant
removing his eyes from what he saw, or thought he
saw. I turned half round to follow, but stood ir-
resolute. I do not recall any feeling of fear, unless
a sudden chill was its physical manifestation. It
seemed as if an icy wind had touched my face and
enfolded my body from head to foot; I could feel the
stir of it in my hair.
  At that moment my attention was drawn to a
light that suddenly streamed from an upper window
of the house: one of the servants, awakened by what
mysterious premonition of evil who can say, and in
obedience to an impulse that she was never able to
name, had lit a lamp. When I turned to look for my
father he was gone, and in all the years that have
passed no whisper of his fate has come across the
borderland of conjecture from the realm of the
unknown.

2: Statement of Caspar Grattan

  To-day I am said to live, to-morrow, here in this
room, will lie a senseless shape of clay that all too
long was I. If anyone lift the cloth from the face of
that unpleasant thing it will be in gratification of a
mere morbid curiosity. Some, doubtless, will go
further and inquire, 'Who was he?' In this writing
I supply the only answer that I am able to make--
Caspar Grattan. Surely, that should be enough.
The name has served my small need for more than
twenty years of a life of unknown length. True, I
gave it to myself, but lacking another I had the right.
In this world one must have a name; it prevents
confusion, even when it does not establish identity.
Some, though, are known by numbers, which also
seem inadequate distinctions.
  One day, for illustration, I was passing along a
street of a city, far from here, when I met two men
in uniform, one of whom, half pausing and looking
curiously into my face, said to his companion, 'That
man looks like 767.' Something in the number
seemed familiar and horrible. Moved by an uncon-
trollable impulse, I sprang into a side street and ran
until I fell exhausted in a country lane.
  I have never forgotten that number, and always
it comes to memory attended by gibbering obscenity,
peals of joyless laughter, the clang of iron doors. So
I say a name, even if self-bestowed, is better than a
number. In the register of the potter's field I shall
soon have both. What wealth!
  Of him who shall find this paper I must beg a
little consideration. It is not the history of my life;
the knowledge to write that is denied me. This is only
a record of broken and apparently unrelated memo-
ries, some of them as distinct and sequent as brilliant
beads upon a thread, others remote and strange,
having the character of crimson dreams with inter-
spaces blank and black--witch-fires glowing still
and red in a great desolation.
  Standing upon the shore of eternity, I turn for a
last look landward over the course by which I came.
There are twenty years of footprints fairly distinct,
the impressions of bleeding feet. They lead through
poverty and pain, devious and unsure, as of one
staggering beneath a burden--

      Remote, unfriended, melancholy, slow.

  Ah, the poet's prophecy of Me--how admirable,
how dreadfully admirable!
  Backward beyond the beginning of this via do-
lorosa--this epic of suffering with episodes of sin
--I see nothing clearly; it comes out of a cloud.
I know that it spans only twenty years, yet I am an
old man.
  One does not remember one's birth--one has to
be told. But with me it was different; life came to
me full-handed and dowered me with all my facul-
ties and powers. Of a previous existence I know no
more than others, for all have stammering intima-
tions that may be memories and may be dreams.
I know only that my first consciousness was of ma-
turity in body and mind--a consciousness accepted
without surprise or conjecture. I merely found myself
walking in a forest, half-clad, footsore, unutterably
weary and hungry. Seeing a farmhouse, I approached
and asked for food, which was given me by one
who inquired my name. I did not know, yet knew
that all had names. Greatly embarrassed, I retreated,
and night coming on, lay down in the forest and
slept.
  The next day I entered a large town which I shall
not name. Nor shall I recount further incidents of
the life that is now to end--a life of wandering,
always and everywhere haunted by an overmaster-
ing sense of crime in punishment of wrong and of
terror in punishment of crime. Let me see if I can
reduce it to narrative.
  I seem once to have lived near a great city, a
prosperous planter, married to a woman whom I
loved and distrusted. We had, it sometimes seems,
one child, a youth of brilliant parts and promise.
He is at all times a vague figure, never clearly
drawn, frequently altogether out of the picture.
  One luckless evening it occurred to me to test my
wife's fidelity in a vulgar, commonplace way fa-
miliar to everyone who has acquaintance with the
literature of fact and fiction. I went to the city, tell-
ing my wife that I should be absent until the follow-
ing afternoon. But I returned before daybreak and
went to the rear of the house, purposing to enter by
a door with which I had secretly so tampered that it
would seem to lock, yet not actually fasten. As I
approached it, I heard it gently open and close, and
saw a man steal away into the darkness. With mur-
der in my heart, I sprang after him, but he had
vanished without even the bad luck of identification.
Sometimes now I cannot even persuade myself that
it was a human being.
  Crazed with jealousy and rage, blind and bestial
with all the elemental passions of insulted manhood,
I entered the house and sprang up the stairs to the
door of my wife's chamber. It was closed, but having
tampered with its lock also, I easily entered, and
despite the black darkness soon stood by the side of
her bed. My groping hands told me that although
disarranged it was unoccupied.
  'She is below,' I thought, 'and terrified by my
entrance has evaded me in the darkness of the hall.'
With the purpose of seeking her I turned to leave
the room, but took a wrong direction--the right
one! My foot struck her, cowering in a corner of the
room. Instantly my hands were at her throat, stifling
a shriek, my knees were upon her struggling body;
and there in the darkness, without a word of accusa-
tion or reproach, I strangled her till she died!
There ends the dream. I have related it in the past
tense, but the present would be the fitter form, for
again and again the sombre tragedy re-enacts itself
in my consciousness--over and over I lay the plan,
I suffer the confirmation, I redress the wrong. Then
all is blank; and afterward the rains beat against the
grimy windowpanes, or the snows fall upon my
scant attire, the wheels rattle in the squalid streets
where my life lies in poverty and mean employment.
If there is ever sunshine I do not recall it; if there
are birds they do not sing.
  There is another dream, another vision of the
night. I stand among the shadows in a moonlit road.
I am aware of another presence, but whose I cannot
rightly determine. In the shadow of a great dwelling
I catch the gleam of white garments; then the figure
of a woman confronts me in the road--my mur-
dered wife! There is death in the face; there are
marks upon the throat. The eyes are fixed on mine
with an infinite gravity which is not reproach, nor
hate, nor menace, nor anything less terrible than
recognition. Before this awful apparition I retreat in
terror--a terror that is upon me as I write. I can
no longer rightly shape the words. See! they--
  Now I am calm, but truly there is no more to tell:
the incident ends where it began--in darkness and
in doubt.
  Yes, I am again in control of myself: 'the captain
of my soul.' But that is not respite; it is another stage
and phase of expiation. My penance, constant in de-
gree, is mutable in kind: one of its variants is tran-
quillity. After all, it is only a life-sentence. 'To Hell
for life'--that is a foolish penalty: the culprit
chooses the duration of his punishment. To-day my
term expires.
  To each and all, the peace that was not mine.

3: Statement of the Late Julia Hetman, through the
Medium Bayrolles

  I had retired early and fallen almost immediately
into a peaceful sleep, from which I awoke with that
indefinable sense of peril which is, I think, a com-
mon experience in that other, earlier life. Of its
unmeaning character, too, I was entirely persuaded,
yet that did not banish it. My husband, Joel Het-
man, was away from home; the servants slept in
another part of the house. But these were familiar
conditions; they had never before distressed me.
Nevertheless, the strange terror grew so insupport-
able that conquering my reluctance to move I sat
up and lit the lamp at my bedside. Contrary to my
expectation this gave me no relief; the light seemed
rather an added danger, for I reflected that it would
shine out under the door, disclosing my presence to
whatever evil thing might lurk outside. You that
are still in the flesh, subject to horrors of the imagi-
nation, think what a monstrous fear that must be
which seeks in darkness security from malevolent
existences of the night. That is to spring to close
quarters with an unseen enemy--the strategy of
despair!
  Extinguishing the lamp I pulled the bedclothing
about my head and lay trembling and silent, unable
to shriek, forgetful to pray. In this pitiable state I
must have lain for what you call hours--with us
there are no hours, there is no time.
  At last it came--a soft, irregular sound of footfalls
on the stairs! They were slow, hesitant, uncertain,
as of something that did not see its way; to my dis-
ordered reason all the more terrifying for that, as
the approach of some blind and mindless malevo-
lence to which is no appeal. I even thought that I
must have left the hall lamp burning and the grop-
ing of this creature proved it a monster of the night.
This was foolish and inconsistent with my previous
dread of the light, but what would you have? Fear
has no brains; it is an idiot. The dismal witness that
it bears and the cowardly counsel that it whispers
are unrelated. We know this well, we who have
passed into the Realm of Terror, who skulk in
eternal dusk among the scenes of our former lives,
invisible even to ourselves, and one another, yet
hiding forlorn in lonely places; yearning for speech
with our loved ones, yet dumb, and as fearful of
them as they of us. Sometimes the disability is re-
moved, the law suspended: by the deathless power
of love or hate we break the spell--we are seen by
those whom we would warn, console, or punish. What
form we seem to them to bear we know not; we
know only that we terrify even those whom we most
wish to comfort, and from whom we most crave
tenderness and sympathy.
  Forgive, I pray you, this inconsequent digression
by what was once a woman. You who consult us in
this imperfect way--you do not understand. You
ask foolish questions about things unknown and
things forbidden. Much that we know and could
impart in our speech is meaningless in yours. We
must communicate with you through a stammering
intelligence in that small fraction of our language
that you yourselves can speak. You think that we
are of another world. No, we have knowledge of no
world but yours, though for us it holds no sunlight,
no warmth, no music, no laughter, no song of birds,
nor any companionship. O God! what a thing it is
to be a ghost, cowering and shivering in an altered
world, a prey to apprehension and despair!
  No, I did not die of fright: the Thing turned and
went away. I heard it go down the stairs, hurriedly,
I thought, as if itself in sudden fear. Then I rose to
call for help. Hardly had my shaking hand found
the door-knob when--merciful heaven!--I heard
it returning. Its footfalls as it remounted the stairs
were rapid, heavy and loud; they shook the house. I
fled to an angle of the wall and crouched upon the
floor. I tried to pray. I tried to call the name of my
dear husband. Then I heard the door thrown open.
There was an interval of unconsciousness, and when
I revived I felt a strangling clutch upon my throat--
felt my arms feebly beating against something that
bore me backward--felt my tongue thrusting itself
from between my teeth! And then I passed into this
life.
  No, I have no knowledge of what it was. The sum
of what we knew at death is the measure of what we
know afterward of all that went before. Of this exist-
ence we know many things, but no new light falls
upon any page of that; in memory is written all of it
that we can read. Here are no heights of truth over-
looking the confused landscape of that dubitable
domain. We still dwell in the Valley of the Shadow,
lurk in its desolate places, peering from brambles and
thickets at its mad, malign inhabitants. How should
we have new knowledge of that fading past?
  What I am about to relate happened on a night.
We know when it is night, for then you retire to your
houses and we can venture from our places of con-
cealment to move unafraid about our old homes, to
look in at the windows, even to enter and gaze upon
your faces as you sleep. I had lingered long near the
dwelling where I had been so cruelly changed to what
I am, as we do while any that we love or hate re-
main. Vainly I had sought some method of manifes-
tation, some way to make my continued existence
and my great love and poignant pity understood by
my husband and son. Always if they slept they
would wake, or if in my desperation I dared ap-
proach them when they were awake, would turn
toward me the terrible eyes of the living, frightening
me by the glances that I sought from the purpose
that I held.
  On this night I had searched for them without
success, fearing to find them; they were nowhere
in the house, nor about the moonlit dawn. For, al-
though the sun is lost to us for ever, the moon, full-
orbed or slender, remains to us. Sometimes it shines
by night, sometimes by day, but always it rises and
sets, as in that other life.
  I left the lawn and moved in the white light and
silence along the road, aimless and sorrowing. Sud-
denly I heard the voice of my poor husband in
exclamations of astonishment, with that of my son
in reassurance and dissuasion; and there by the
shadow of a group of trees they stood--near, so
near! Their faces were toward me, the eyes of the
elder man fixed upon mine. He saw me--at last, at
last, he saw me! In the consciousness of that, my
terror fled as a cruel dream. The death-spell was
broken: Love had conquered Law! Mad with exulta-
tion I shouted--I must have shouted,' He sees, he
sees: he will understand!' Then, controlling myself,
I moved forward, smiling and consciously beautiful,
to offer myself to his arms, to comfort him with en-
dearments, and, with my son's hand in mine, to
speak words that should restore the broken bonds
between the living and the dead.
  Alas! alas! his face went white with fear, his eyes
were as those of a hunted animal. He backed away
from me, as I advanced, and at last turned and fled
into the wood--whither, it is not given to me to
know.
  To my poor boy, left doubly desolate, I have never
been able to impart a sense of my presence. Soon he,
too, must pass to this Life Invisible and be lost to
me for ever.


A DIAGNOSIS OF DEATH

'I AM not so superstitious as some of your phy-
sicians--men of science, as you are pleased to be
called,' said Hawver, replying to an accusation that
had not been made. 'Some of you--only a few, I
confess--believe in the immortality of the soul,
and in apparitions which you have not the honesty
to call ghosts. I go no further than a conviction that
the living are sometimes seen where they are not,
but have been--where they have lived so long, per-
haps so intensely, as to have left their impress on
everything about them. I know, indeed, that one's
environment may be so affected by one's personality
as to yield, long afterward, an image of one's self
to the eyes of another. Doubtless the impressing
personality has to be the right kind of personality as
the perceiving eyes have to be the right kind of
eyes--mine, for example.'
  'Yes, the right kind of eyes, conveying sensa-
tions to the wrong kind of brains,' said Dr. Frayley,
smiling.
  'Thank you; one likes to have an expectation
gratified; that is about the reply that I supposed
you would have the civility to make.'
  'Pardon me. But you say that you know. That is
a good deal to say, don't you think? Perhaps you
will not mind the trouble of saying how you learned.'
  'You will call it an hallucination,' Hawver
said, 'but that does not matter.' And he told the
story.
  'Last summer I went, as you know, to pass the
hot weather term in the town of Meridian. The rela-
tive at whose house I had intended to stay was ill, so
I sought other quarters. After some difficulty I suc-
ceeded in renting a vacant dwelling that had been
occupied by an eccentric doctor of the name of
Mannering, who had gone away years before, no
one knew where, not even his agent. He had built
the house himself and had lived in it with an old
servant for about ten years. His practice, never very
extensive, had after a few years been given up en-
tirely. Not only so, but he had withdrawn himself
almost altogether from social life and become a
recluse. I was told by the village doctor, about the
only person with whom he held any relations, that
during his retirement he had devoted himself to
a single line of study, the result of which he had
expounded in a book that did not commend itself to
the approval of his professional brethren, who, in-
deed, considered him not entirely sane. I have not
seen the book and cannot now recall the title of it, but
I am told that it expounded a rather startling theory.
He held that it was possible in the case of many a
person in good health to forecast his death with
precision, several months in advance of the event.
The limit, I think, was eighteen months. There were
local tales of his having exerted his powers of prog-
nosis, or perhaps you would say diagnosis; and it
was said that in every instance the person whose
friends he had warned had died suddenly at the
appointed time, and from no assignable cause. All
this, however, has nothing to do with what I have
to tell; I thought it might amuse a physician.
  'The house was furnished, just as he had lived in
it. It was a rather gloomy dwelling for one who was
neither a recluse nor a student, and I think it gave
something of its character to me--perhaps some
of its former occupant's character; for always I felt
in it a certain melancholy that was not in my natural
disposition, nor, I think, due to loneliness. I had no
servants that slept in the house, but I have always
been, as you know, rather fond of my own society,
being much addicted to reading, though little to
study. Whatever was the cause, the effect was dejec-
tion and a sense of impending evil; this was espe-
cially so in Dr. Mannering's study, although that
room was the lightest and most airy in the house.
The doctor's life-size portrait in oil hung in that
room, and seemed completely to dominate it. There
was nothing unusual in the picture; the man was
evidently rather good looking, about fifty years old,
with iron-grey hair, a smooth-shaven face and dark,
serious eyes. Something in the picture always drew
and held my attention. The man's appearance
became familiar to me, and rather "haunted"
me.
  'One evening I was passing through this room to
my bedroom, with a lamp--there is no gas in Me-
ridian. I stopped as usual before the portrait, which
seemed in the lamplight to have a new expression,
not easily named, but distinctly uncanny. It inter-
ested but did not disturb me. I moved the lamp from
one side to the other and observed the effects of the
altered light. While so engaged I felt an impulse to
turn round. As I did so I saw a man moving across
the room directly toward me! As soon as he came
near enough for the lamplight to illuminate the face
I saw that it was Dr. Mannering himself; it was
as if the portrait were walking!
  '"I beg your pardon," I said, somewhat coldly,
"but if you knocked I did not hear."
  'He passed me, within an arm's length, lifted his
right forefinger, as in warning, and without a word
went on out of the room, though I observed his
exit no more than I had observed his entrance.
  'Of course, I need not tell you that this was what
you will call a hallucination and I call an appari-
tion. That room had only two doors, of which one
was locked; the other led into a bedroom, from
which there was no exit. My feeling on realizing this
is not an important part of the incident.
  'Doubtless this seems to you a very commonplace
"ghost story"--one constructed on the regular
lines laid down by the old masters of the art. If that
were so I should not have related it, even if it were
true. The man was not dead; I met him to-day in
Union Street. He passed me in a crowd.'
  Hawver had finished his story and both men were
silent. Dr. Frayley absently drummed on the table
with his fingers.
  'Did he say anything to-day?' he asked--'any-
thing from which you inferred that he was not
dead?'
  Hawver stared and did not reply.
  'Perhaps,' continued Frayley,' he made a sign, a
gesture--lifted a finger, as in warning. It's a trick
he had--a habit when saying something serious--
announcing the result of a diagnosis, for example.'
  'Yes, he did--just as his apparition had done.
But, good God! did you ever know him?'
  Hawver was apparently growing nervous.
  'I knew him. I have read his book, as will every
physician some day. It is one of the most striking
and important of the century's contributions to medi-
cal science. Yes, I knew him; I attended him in an
illness three years ago. He died.'
  Hawver sprang from his chair, manifestly dis-
turbed. He strode forward and back across the
room; then approached his friend, and in a voice
not altogether steady, said: 'Doctor, have you any-
thing to say to me--as a physician? '
  'No, Hawver; you are the healthiest man I ever
knew. As a friend I advise you to go to your room.
You play the violin like an angel. Play it; play some-
thing light and lively. Get this cursed bad business
off your mind.'
  The next day Hawver was found dead in his room,
the violin at his neck, the bow upon the string, his
music open before him at Chopin's Funeral March.


MOXON'S MASTER

'ARE you serious?--do you really believe that a
machine thinks?'
  I got no immediate reply; Moxon was apparently
intent upon the coals in the grate, touching them
deftly here and there with the fire-poker till they
signified a sense of his attention by a brighter glow.
For several weeks I had been observing in him a
growing habit of delay in answering even the most
trivial of commonplace questions. His air, however,
was that of preoccupation rather than deliberation:
one might have said that he had 'something on his
mind.'
  Presently he said:
  'What is a "machine"? The word has been va-
riously defined. Here is one definition from a popu-
lar dictionary: "Any instrument or organization by
which power is applied and made effective, or a
desired effect produced." Well, then, is not a man a
machine? And you will admit that he thinks--or
thinks he thinks.'
  'If you do not wish to answer my question,'
said, rather testily, 'why not say so?--all
that you say is mere evasion. You know well
enough that when I say "machine" I do not mean
a man, but something that man has made and con-
trols.'
  'When it does not control him,' he said, rising
abruptly and looking out of a window, whence noth-
ing was visible in the blackness of a stormy night.
A moment later he turned about and with a smile
said: 'I beg your pardon; I had no thought of eva-
sion. I considered the dictionary man's unconscious
testimony suggestive and worth something in the
discussion. I can give your question a direct answer
easily enough: I do believe that a machine thinks
about the work that it is doing.'
  That was direct enough, certainly. It was not al-
together pleasing, for it tended to confirm a sad
suspicion that Moxon's devotion to study and work
in his machine-shop had not been good for him. I
knew, for one thing, that he suffered from insomnia,
and that is no light affliction. Had it affected his
mind? His reply to my question seemed to me then
evidence that it had; perhaps I should think dif-
ferently about it now. I was younger then, and
among the blessings that are not denied to youth
is ignorance. Incited by that great stimulant to con-
troversy, I said:
  'And what, pray, does it think with--in the ab-
sence of a brain?'
  The reply, coming with less than his customary
delay, took his favourite form of counter-interroga-
tion:
  'With what does a plant think--in the absence of
a brain?'
  'Ah, plants also belong to the philosopher class!
I should be pleased to know some of their conclu-
sions; you may omit the premises.'
  'Perhaps,' he replied, apparently unaffected by
my foolish irony, 'you may be able to infer their
convictions from their acts. I will spare you the
familiar examples of the sensitive mimosa, the sev-
eral insectivorous flowers and those whose stamens
bend down and shake their pollen upon the enter-
ing bee in order that he may fertilize their distant
mates. But observe this. In an open spot in my
garden I planted a climbing vine. When it was barely
above the surface I set a stake into the soil a yard
away. The vine at once made for it, but as it was
about to reach it after several days I removed it
a few feet. The vine at once altered its course, mak-
ing an acute angle, and again made for the stake.
This manoeuvre was repeated several times, but
finally, as if discouraged, the vine abandoned the
pursuit and ignoring further attempts to divert it,
travelled to a small tree, farther away, which it
climbed.
  'Roots of the eucalyptus will prolong themselves
incredibly in search of moisture. A well-known horti-
culturist relates that one entered an old drain-pipe
and followed it until it came to a break, where a
section of the pipe had been removed to make way
for a stone wall that had been built across its course.
The root left the drain and followed the wall until
it found an opening where a stone had fallen out. It
crept through and following the other side of the
wall back to the drain, entered the unexplored part
and resumed its journey.'
  'And all this?'
  'Can you miss the significance of it? It shows the
consciousness of plants. It proves that they think.'
  'Even if it did--what then? We were speaking,
not of plants, but of machines. They may be com-
posed partly of wood--wood that has no longer vi-
tality--or wholly of metal. Is thought an attribute
also of the mineral kingdom?'
  'How else do you explain the phenomena, for
example, of crystallization?'
  'I do not explain them.'
  'Because you cannot without affirming what you
wish to deny, namely, intelligent co-operation, among
the constituent elements of the crystals. When sol-
diers form lines, or hollow squares, you call it reason.
When wild geese in flight take the form of a letter
V you say instinct. When the homogeneous atoms of
a mineral, moving freely in solution, arrange them-
selves into shapes mathematically perfect, or par-
ticles of frozen moisture into the symmetrical and
beautiful forms of snowflakes, you have nothing to
say. You have not even invented a name to conceal
your heroic unreason.'
  Moxon was speaking with unusual animation and
earnestness. As he paused I heard in an adjoining
room known to me as his 'machine-shop,' which no
one but himself was permitted to enter, a singular
thumping sound, as of someone pounding upon a
table with an open hand. Moxon heard it at the same
moment and, visibly agitated, rose and hurriedly
passed into the room whence it came. I thought it
odd that anyone else should be in there, and my
interest in my friend--with doubtless a touch of
unwarrantable curiosity--led me to listen intently,
though, I am happy to say, not at the keyhole. There
were confused sounds, as of a struggle or scuffle;
the floor shook. I distinctly heard hard breathing and
a hoarse whisper which said 'Damn you!' Then
all was silent, and presently Moxon reappeared and
said, with a rather sorry smile:
  'Pardon me for leaving you so abruptly. I have a
machine in there that lost its temper and cut up
rough.'
  Fixing my eyes steadily upon his left cheek, which
was traversed by four parallel excoriations showing
blood, I said:
  'How would it do to trim its nails?'
I could have spared myself the jest; he gave it no
attention, but seated himself in the chair that he had
left and resumed the interrupted monologue as if
nothing had occurred:
  'Doubtless you do not hold with those (I need not
name them to a man of your reading) who have
taught that all matter is sentient, that every atom
is a living, feeling, conscious being. I do. There is no
such thing as dead, inert matter: it is all alive; all
instinct with force, actual and potential; all sensitive
to the same forces in its environment and susceptible
to the contagion of higher and subtler ones residing
in such superior organisms as it may be brought into
relation with, as those of man when he is fashioning
it into an instrument of his will. It absorbs some-
thing of his intelligence and purpose--more of them
in proportion to the complexity of the resulting ma-
chine and that of its work.
  'Do you happen to recall Herbert Spencer's defi-
nition of "Life"? I read it thirty years ago. He may
have altered it afterward, for anything I know, but
in all that time I have been unable to think of a
single word that could profitably be changed or
added or removed. It seems to me not only the best
definition, but the only possible one.
  '"Life," he says, "is a definite combination of
heterogeneous changes, both simultaneous and suc-
cessive, in correspondence with external coexistences
and sequences."'
  'That defines the phenomenon,' I said, 'but gives
no hint of its cause.'
  'That,' he replied, 'is all that any definition can
do. As Mill points out, we know nothing of cause
except as an antecedent--nothing of effect except as
a consequent. Of certain phenomena, one never oc-
curs without another, which is dissimilar: the first in
point of time we call cause, the second, effect. One
who had many times seen a rabbit pursued by a dog,
and had never seen rabbits and dogs otherwise,
would think the rabbit the cause of the dog.
  'But I fear,' he added, laughing naturally enough,
'that my rabbit is leading me a long way from the
track of my legitimate quarry: I'm indulging in the
pleasure of the chase for its own sake. What I want
you to observe is that in Herbert Spencer's defini-
tion of "life" the activity of a machine is included
--there is nothing in the definition that is not ap-
plicable to it. According to this sharpest of observers
and deepest of thinkers, if a man during his period
of activity is alive, so is a machine when in opera-
tion. As an inventor and constructor of machines I
know that to be true.'
  Moxon was silent for a long time, gazing absently
into the fire. It was growing late and I thought it
time to be going, but somehow I did not like the
notion of leaving him in that isolated house, all alone
except for the presence of some person of whose
nature my conjectures could go no further than that
it was unfriendly, perhaps malign. Leaning toward
him and looking earnestly into his eyes while making
a motion with my hand through the door of his
workshop, I said:
  'Moxon, whom have you in there?'
  Somewhat to my surprise he laughed lightly and
answered without hesitation:
  'Nobody; the incident that you have in mind was
caused by my folly in leaving a machine in action
with nothing to act upon, while I undertook the in-
terminable task of enlightening your understanding.
Do you happen to know that Consciousness is the
creature of Rhythm?'
  'O bother them both!' I replied, rising and laying
hold of my overcoat. 'I'm going to wish you good
night; and I'll add the hope that the machine which
you inadvertently left in action will have her gloves
on the next time you think it needful to stop her.'
  Without waiting to observe the effect of my shot I
left the house.
  Rain was falling, and the darkness was intense. In
the sky beyond the crest of a hill toward which I
groped my way along precarious plank sidewalks
and across miry, unpaved streets I could see the
faint glow of the city's lights, but behind me nothing
was visible but a single window of Moxon's house.
It glowed with what seemed to me a mysterious and
fateful meaning. I knew it was an uncurtained aper-
ture in my friend's 'machine-shop,' and I had little
doubt that he had resumed the studies interrupted
by his duties as my instructor in mechanical con-
sciousness and the fatherhood of Rhythm. Odd, and
in some degree humorous, as his convictions seemed
to me at that time, I could not wholly divest myself
of the feeling that they had some tragic relation to
his life and character--perhaps to his destiny--al-
though I no longer entertained the notion that they
were the vagaries of a disordered mind. Whatever
might be thought of his views, his exposition of them
was too logical for that. Over and over, his last words
came back to me: 'Consciousness is the creature of
Rhythm.' Bald and terse as the statement was, I now
found it infinitely alluring. At each recurrence it
broadened in meaning and deepened in suggestion.
Why, here (I thought) is something upon which to
found a philosophy. If Consciousness is the product
of Rhythm all things are conscious, for all have mo-
tion, and all motion is rhythmic. I wondered if
Moxon knew the significance and breadth of his
thought--the scope of this momentous generaliza-
tion; or had he arrived at his philosophic faith by
the tortuous and uncertain road of observation?
That faith was then new to me, and all Moxon's
expounding had failed to make me a convert; but
now it seemed as if a great light shone about me, like
that which fell upon Saul of Tarsus; and out there in
the storm and darkness and solitude I experienced
what Lewes calls 'The endless variety and excite-
ment of philosophic thought.' I exulted in a new
sense of knowledge, a new pride of reason. My feet
seemed hardly to touch the earth; it was as if I were
uplifted and borne through the air by invisible
wings.
  Yielding to an impulse to seek further light from
him whom I now recognized as my master and guide,
I had unconsciously turned about, and almost before
I was aware of having done so found myself again
at Moxon's door. I was drenched with rain, but felt
no discomfort. Unable in my excitement to find the
doorbell I instinctively tried the knob. It turned and,
entering, I mounted the stairs to the room that I had
so recently left. All was dark and silent; Moxon, as
I had supposed, was in the adjoining room--the
'machine-shop.' Groping along the wall until
found the communicating door I knocked loudly
several times, but got no response, which I attributed
to the uproar outside, for the wind was blowing a
gale and dashing the rain against the thin walls in
sheets. The drumming upon the shingle roof span-
ning the unceiled room was loud and incessant.
I had never been invited into the machine-shop--
had, indeed, been denied admittance, as had all
others, with one exception, a skilled metal worker,
of whom no one knew anything except that his name
was Haley and his habit silence. But in my spiritual
exaltation, discretion and civility were alike for-
gotten, and I opened the door. What I saw took
all philosophical speculation out of me in short
order.
  Moxon sat facing me at the farther side of a small
table upon which a single candle made all the light
that was in the room. Opposite him, his back toward
me, sat another person. On the table between the two
was a chess-board; the men were playing. I knew
little of chess, but as only a few pieces were on the
board it was obvious that the game was near its
close. Moxon was intensely interested--not so
much, it seemed to me, in the game as in his antago-
nist, upon whom he had fixed so intent a look that,
standing though I did directly in the line of his
vision, I was altogether unobserved. His face was
ghastly white, and his eyes glittered like diamonds.
Of his antagonist I had only a back view, but that
was sufficient; I should not have cared to see his
face.
  He was apparently not more than five feet in
height, with proportions suggesting those of a go-
rilla--a tremendous breadth of shoulders, thick,
short neck and broad, squat head, which had a
tangled growth of black hair and was topped with
a crimson fez. A tunic of the same colour, belted
tightly to the waist, reached the seat--apparently a
box--upon which he sat; his legs and feet were not
seen. His left forearm appeared to rest in his lap;
he moved his pieces with his right hand, which
seemed disproportionately long.
  I had shrunk back and now stood a little to one
side of the doorway and in shadow. If Moxon had
looked farther than the face of his opponent he
could have observed nothing now, except that the
door was open. Something forbade me either to
enter or to retire, a feeling--I know not how it
came--that I was in the presence of an imminent
tragedy and might serve my friend by remaining.
With a scarcely conscious rebellion against the in-
delicacy of the act I remained.
  The play was rapid. Moxon hardly glanced at the
board before making his moves, and to my un-
skilled eye seemed to move the piece most con-
venient to his hand, his motions in doing so being
quick, nervous and lacking in precision. The response
of his antagonist, while equally prompt in the incep-
tion, was made with a slow, uniform, mechanical and,
I thought, somewhat theatrical movement of the
arm, that was a sore trial to my patience. There
was something unearthly about it all, and I caught
myself shuddering. But I was wet and cold.
Two or three times after moving a piece the
stranger slightly inclined his head, and each time I
observed that Moxon shifted his king. All at once
the thought came to me that the man was dumb.
And then that he was a machine--an automaton
chess-player! Then I remembered that Moxon had
once spoken to me of having invented such a piece
of mechanism, though I did not understand that it
had actually been constructed. Was all his talk about
the consciousness and intelligence of machines
merely a prelude to eventual exhibition of this de-
vice--only a trick to intensify the effect of its
mechanical action upon me in my ignorance of its
secret?
  A fine end, this, of all my intellectual transports
--my 'endless variety and excitement of philo-
sophic thought'! I was about to retire in disgust
when something occurred to hold my curiosity. I
observed a shrug of the thing's great shoulders, as
if it were irritated: and so natural was this--so
entirely human--that in my new view of the matter
it startled me. Nor was that all, for a moment later
it struck the table sharply with its clenched hand.
At that gesture Moxon seemed even more startled
than I: he pushed his chair a little backward, as in
alarm.
  Presently Moxon, whose play it was, raised his
hand high above the board, pounced upon one of his
pieces like a sparrow-hawk and with the exclama-
tion 'check-mate!' rose quickly to his feet and
stepped behind his chair. The automaton sat mo-
tionless.
  The wind had now gone down, but I heard, at
lessening intervals and progressively louder, the
rumble and roll of thunder. In the pauses between
I now became conscious of a low humming or buzz-
ing which, like the thunder, grew momentarily
louder and more distinct. It seemed to come from
the body of the automaton, and was unmistakably
a whirring of wheels. It gave me the impression of
a disordered mechanism which had escaped the re-
pressive and regulating action of some controlling
part--an effect such as might be expected if a
pawl should be jostled from the teeth of a ratchet-
wheel. But before I had time for much conjecture
as to its nature my attention was taken by the
strange motions of the automaton itself. A slight but
continuous convulsion appeared to have possession
of it. In body and head it shook like a man with palsy
or an ague chill, and the motion augmented every
moment until the entire figure was in violent agita-
tion. Suddenly it sprang to its feet and with a move-
ment almost too quick for the eye to follow shot
forward across table and chair, with both arms
thrust forth to their full length--the posture and
lunge of a diver. Moxon tried to throw himself back-
ward out of reach, but he was too late: I saw the
horrible thing's hand close upon his throat, his own
clutch its wrists. Then the table was overturned,
and candle thrown to the floor and extinguished, and
all was black dark. But the noise of the struggle was
dreadfully distinct, and most terrible of all were the
raucous, squawking sounds made by the strangled
man's efforts to breathe. Guided by the infernal hub-
bub, I sprang to the rescue of my friend, but had
hardly taken a stride in the darkness when the whole
room blazed with a blinding white light that burned
into my brain and heart and memory a vivid pic-
ture of the combatants on the floor, Moxon under-
neath, his throat still in the clutch of those iron
hands, his head forced backward, his eyes protrud-
ing, his mouth wide open and his tongue thrust out;
and--horrible contrast!--upon the painted face
of his assassin an expression of tranquil and pro-
found thought, as in the solution of a problem in
chess! This I observed, then all was blackness and
silence.
  Three days later I recovered consciousness in a
hospital. As the memory of that tragic night slowly
evolved in my ailing brain I recognized in my at-
tendant Moxon's confidential workman, Haley. Re-
sponding to a look he approached, smiling.
  'Tell me about it,' I managed to say, faintly--
'all about it.'
  'Certainly,' he said; 'you were carried uncon-
scious from a burning house--Moxon's. Nobody
knows how you came to be there. You may have to
do a little explaining. The origin of the fire is a bit
mysterious, too. My own notion is that the house
was struck by lightning.'
  'And Moxon?'
  'Buried yesterday--what was left of him.'
  Apparently this reticent person could unfold him-
self on occasion. When imparting shocking intelli-
gence to the sick he was affable enough. After some
moments of the keenest mental suffering I ven-
tured to ask another question:
  'Who rescued me?'
  'Well, if that interests you--I did.'
  'Thank you, Mr. Haley, and may God bless you
for it. Did you rescue, also, that charming product
of your skill, the automaton chess-player that mur-
dered its inventor?'
  The man was silent a long time, looking away
from me. Presently he turned and gravely said:
  'Do you know that?'
  'I do,' I replied; 'I saw it done.'
  That was many years ago. If asked to-day I
should answer less confidently.


A TOUGH TUSSLE

ONE night in the autumn of 1861 a man sat alone
in the heart of a forest in western Virginia. The
region was one of the wildest on the continent--the
Cheat Mountain country. There was no lack of
people close at hand, however; within a mile of
where the man sat was the now silent camp of a
whole Federal brigade. Somewhere about--it might
be still nearer--was a force of the enemy, the num-
bers unknown. It was this uncertainty as to its
numbers and position that accounted for the man's
presence in that lonely spot; he was a young officer
of a Federal infantry regiment and his business
there was to guard his sleeping comrades in the
camp against a surprise. He was in command of a
detachment of men constituting a picket-guard.
These men he had stationed just at nightfall in an
irregular line, determined by the nature of the
ground, several hundred yards in front of where
he now sat. The line ran through the forest, among
the rocks and laurel thickets, the men fifteen or
twenty paces apart, all in concealment and under
injunction of strict silence and unremitting vigilance.
In four hours, if nothing occurred, they would be
relieved by a fresh detachment from the reserve now
resting in care of its captain some distance away to
the left and rear. Before stationing his men the
young officer of whom we are writing had pointed out
to his two sergeants the spot at which he would be
found if it should be necessary to consult him, or if
his presence at the front line should be required.
  It was a quiet enough spot--the fork of an old
wood-road, on the two branches of which, prolong-
ing themselves deviously forward in the dim moon-
light, the sergeants were themselves stationed, a
few paces in rear of the line. If driven sharply back
by a sudden onset of the enemy--the pickets are
not expected to make a stand after firing--the men
would come into the converging roads and naturally
following them to their point of intersection could be
rallied and 'formed.' In his small way the author
of these dispositions was something of a strategist;
if Napoleon had planned as intelligently at Water-
loo he would have won that memorable battle and
been overthrown later.
  Second-Lieutenant Brainerd Byring was a brave
and efficient officer, young and comparatively inex-
perienced as he was in the business of killing his
fellow-men. He had enlisted in the very first days
of the war as a private, with no military knowledge
whatever, had been made first-sergeant of his com-
pany on account of his education and engaging
manner, and had been lucky enough to lose his cap-
tain by a Confederate bullet; in the resulting promo-
tions he had gained a commission. He had been in
several engagements, such as they were--at Phi-
lippi, Rich Mountain, Carrick's Ford and Green-
brier--and had borne himself with such gallantry
as not to attract the attention of his superior of-
ficers. The exhilaration of battle was agreeable to
him, but the sight of the dead, with their clay faces,
blank eyes and stiff bodies, which when not unnat-
urally shrunken were unnaturally swollen, had
always intolerably affected him. He felt toward them
a kind of reasonless antipathy that was something
more than the physical and spiritual repugnance
common to us all. Doubtless this feeling was due to
his unusually acute sensibilities--his keen sense of
the beautiful, which these hideous things outraged.
Whatever may have been the cause, he could not
look upon a dead body without a loathing which had
in it an element of resentment. What others have re-
spected as the dignity of death had to him no exist-
ence--was altogether unthinkable. Death was a
thing to be hated. It was not picturesque, it had no
tender and solemn side--a dismal thing, hideous in
all its manifestations and suggestions. Lieutenant
Byring was a braver man than anybody knew, for
nobody knew his horror of that which he was ever
ready to incur.
  Having posted his men, instructed his sergeants
and retired to his station, he seated himself on a log,
and with senses all alert began his vigil. For greater
ease he loosened his sword-belt and taking his heavy
revolver from his holster laid it on the log beside
him. He felt very comfortable, though he hardly
gave the fact a thought, so intently did he listen for
any sound from the front which might have a menac-
ing significance--a shout, a shot, or the footfall of
one of his sergeants coming to apprise him of some-
thing worth knowing. From the vast, invisible ocean
of moonlight overhead fell, here and there, a slender,
broken stream that seemed to plash against the in-
tercepting branches and trickle to earth, forming
small white pools among the clumps of laurel. But
these leaks were few and served only to accentuate
the blackness of his environment, which his imagina-
tion found it easy to people with all manner of un-
familiar shapes, menacing, uncanny, or merely
grotesque.
  He to whom the portentous conspiracy of night
and solitude and silence in the heart of a great forest
is not an unknown experience needs not to be told
what another world it all is--how even the most
commonplace and familiar objects take on another
character. The trees group themselves differently;
they draw closer together, as if in fear. The very
silence has another quality than the silence of the
day. And it is full of half-heard whispers--whispers
that startle--ghosts of sounds long dead. There are
living sounds, too, such as are never heard under
other conditions: notes of strange night-birds, the
cries of small animals in sudden encounters with
stealthy foes or in their dreams, a rustling in the
dead leaves--it may be the leap of a wood-rat, it
may be the footfall of a panther. What caused the
breaking of that twig?--what the low, alarmed
twittering in that bushful of birds? There are sounds
without a name, forms without substance, transla-
tions in space of objects which have not been seen
to move, movements wherein nothing is observed to
change its place. Ah, children of the sunlight and
the gaslight, how little you know of the world in
which you live!
  Surrounded at a little distance by armed and
watchful friends, Byring felt utterly alone. Yielding
himself to the solemn and mysterious spirit of the
time and place, he had forgotten the nature of his
connection with the visible and audible aspects and
phases of the night. The forest was boundless; men
and the habitations of men did not exist. The uni-
verse was one primeval mystery of darkness, with-
out form and void, himself the sole, dumb questioner
of its eternal secret. Absorbed in thoughts born of
this mood, he suffered the time to slip away unnoted.
Meantime the infrequent patches of white light lying
amongst the tree-trunks had undergone changes of
size, form and place. In one of them near by, just
at the roadside, his eye fell upon an object that he
had not previously observed. It was almost before
his face as he sat; he could have sworn that it had
not before been there. It was partly covered in
shadow, but he could see that it was a human figure.
Instinctively he adjusted the clasp of his swordbelt
and laid hold of his pistol--again he was in a world
of war, by occupation an assassin.
  The figure did not move. Rising, pistol in hand, he
approached. The figure lay upon its back, its upper
part in shadow, but standing above it and looking
down upon the face, he saw that it was a dead body.
He shuddered and turned from it with a feeling of
sickness and disgust, resumed his seat upon the log,
and forgetting military prudence struck a match and
lit a cigar. In the sudden blackness that followed the
extinction of the flame he felt a sense of relief; he
could no longer see the object of his aversion. Never-
theless, he kept his eyes in that direction until it
appeared again with growing distinctness. It seemed
to have moved a trifle nearer.
  'Damn the thing!' he muttered. 'What does it
want?'
  It did not appear to be in need of anything but a
soul.
  Byring turned away his eyes and began humming
a tune, but he broke off in the middle of a bar and
looked at the dead body. Its presence annoyed him,
though he could hardly have had a quieter neigh-
bour. He was conscious, too, of a vague, indefinable
feeling that was new to him. It was not fear, but
rather a sense of the supernatural--in which he did
not at all believe.
  'I have inherited it,' he said to himself. 'I sup-
pose it will require a thousand ages--perhaps ten
thousand--for humanity to outgrow this feeling.
Where and when did it originate? Away back, prob-
ably, in what is called the cradle of the human race
--the plains of Central Asia. What we inherit as a
superstition our barbarous ancestors must have held
as a reasonable conviction. Doubtless they believed
themselves justified by facts whose nature we can-
not even conjecture in thinking a dead body a malign
thing endowed with some strange power of mis-
chief, with perhaps a will and a purpose to exert it.
Possibly they had some awful form of religion of
which that was one of the chief doctrines, sedulously
taught by their priesthood, as ours teach the im-
mortality of the soul. As the Aryans moved slowly
on, to and through the Caucasus passes, and spread
over Europe, new conditions of life must have re-
sulted in the formulation of new religions. The old
belief in the malevolence of the dead body was lost
from the creeds and even perished from tradition
but it left its heritage of terror, which is transmitted
from generation to generation--is as much a part
of us as are our blood and bones.'
  In following out his thought he had forgotten that
which suggested it; but now his eye fell again upon
the corpse. The shadow had now altogether un-
covered it. He saw the sharp profile, the chin in the
air, the whole face, ghastly white in the moonlight.
The clothing was grey, the uniform of a Confederate
soldier. The coat and waistcoat, unbuttoned, had
fallen away on each side, exposing the white shirt.
The chest seemed unnaturally prominent, but the
abdomen had sunk in, leaving a sharp projection at
the line of the lower ribs. The arms were extended,
the left knee was thrust upward. The whole posture
impressed Byring as having been studied with a view
to the horrible.
  'Bah!' he exclaimed; 'he was an actor--he
knows how to be dead.'
  He drew away his eyes, directing them resolutely
along one of the roads leading to the front, and re-
sumed his philosophizing where he had left off.
  'It may be that our Central Asian ancestors had
not the custom of burial. In that case it is easy to
understand their fear of the dead, who really were a
menace and an evil. They bred pestilences. Children
were taught to avoid the places where they lay, and
to run away if by inadvertence they came near a
corpse. I think, indeed, I'd better go away from this
chap.'
  He half rose to do so, then remembered that he
had told his men in front and the officer in the rear
who was to relieve him that he could at any time be
found at that spot. It was a matter of pride, too.
If he abandoned his post he feared they would think
he feared the corpse. He was no coward and he was
unwilling to incur anybody's ridicule. So he again
seated himself, and to prove his courage looked
boldly at the body. The right arm--the one farthest
from him--was now in shadow. He could hardly
see the hand which, he had before observed, lay at
the root of a clump of laurel. There had been no
change, a fact which gave him a certain comfort, he
could not have said why. He did not at once remove
his eyes; that which we do not wish to see has a
strange fascination, sometimes irresistible. Of the
woman who covers her eyes with her hands and looks
between the fingers let it be said that the wits have
dealt with her not altogether justly.
  Byring suddenly became conscious of a pain in his
right hand. He withdrew his eyes from his enemy and
looked at it. He was grasping the hilt of his drawn
sword so tightly that it hurt him. He observed, too,
that he was leaning forward in a strained attitude--
crouching like a gladiator ready to spring at the
throat of an antagonist. His teeth were clenched and
he was breathing hard. This matter was soon set
right, and as his muscles relaxed and he drew a long
breath he felt keenly enough the ludicrousness of the
incident. It affected him to laughter. Heavens! what
sound was that? what mindless devil was uttering
an unholy glee in mockery of human merriment? He
sprang to his feet and looked about him, not recogniz-
ing his own laugh.
  He could no longer conceal from himself the hor-
rible fact of his cowardice; he was thoroughly
frightened! He would have run from the spot, but
his legs refused their office; they gave way beneath
him and he sat again upon the log, violently trem-
bling. His face was wet, his whole body bathed in
a chill perspiration. He could not even cry out.
Distinctly he heard behind him a stealthy tread, as
of some wild animal, and dared not look over his
shoulder. Had the soulless living joined forces with
the soulless dead?--was it an animal? Ah, if he
could but be assured of that! But by no effort of
will could he now unfix his gaze from the face of the
dead man.
  I repeat that Lieutenant Byring was a brave and
intelligent man. But what would you have? Shall a
man cope, single-handed, with so monstrous an
alliance as that of night and solitude and silence and
the dead--while an incalculable host of his own an-
cestors shriek into the ear of his spirit their coward
counsel, sing their doleful death-songs in his heart,
and disarm his very blood of all its iron? The odds
are too great--courage was not made for so rough
use as that.
  One sole conviction now had the man in posses-
sion: that the body had moved. It lay nearer to the
edge of its plot of light--there could be no doubt of
it. It had also moved its arms, for, look, they are
both in the shadow! A breath of cold air struck By-
ring full in the face; the boughs of trees above him
stirred and moaned. A strongly defined shadow
passed across the face of the dead, left it luminous,
passed back upon it and left it half obscured. The
horrible thing was visibly moving! At that moment a
single shot rang out upon the picket-line--a lone-
lier and louder, though more distant, shot than
ever had been heard by mortal ear! It broke the
spell of that enchanted man; it slew the silence and
the solitude, dispersed the hindering host from
Central Asia and released his modern manhood.
With a cry like that of some great bird pouncing
upon its prey he sprang forward, hot-hearted for
action!
  Shot after shot now came from the front. There
were shoutings and confusion, hoof-beats and desul-
tory cheers. Away to the rear, in the sleeping camp,
were a singing of bugles and grumble of drums.
Pushing through the thickets on either side the roads
came the Federal pickets, in full retreat, firing back-
ward at random as they ran. A straggling group that
had followed back one of the roads, as instructed,
suddenly sprang away into the bushes as half a
hundred horsemen thundered by them, striking
wildly with their sabres as they passed. At headlong
speed these mounted madmen shot past the spot
where Byring had sat, and vanished round an angle
of the road, shouting and firing their pistols. A
moment later there was a roar of musketry, fol-
lowed by dropping shots--they had encountered the
reserve-guard in line; and back they came in dire
confusion, with here and there an empty saddle and
many a maddened horse, bullet-stung, snorting and
plunging with pain. It was all over--'an affair of
out-posts.'
  The line was re-established with fresh men, the
roll called, the stragglers were re-formed.  The Fed-
eral commander, with a part of his staff, imperfectly
clad, appeared upon the scene, asked a few ques-
tions, looked exceedingly wise and retired.  After
standing at arms for an hour the brigade in camp
'swore a prayer or two' and went to bed.
  Early the next morning a fatigue-party, com-
manded by a captain and accompanied by a surgeon, 
searched the ground for dead and wounded. At the
fork of the road, a little to one side, they found two
bodies lying close together--that of a Federal of-
ficer and that of a Confederate private.  The officer
had died of a sword-thrust through the heart, but
not, apparently, until he had inflicted upon his 
enemy no fewer than five dreadful wounds. The dead
officer lay on his face in a pool of blood, the weapon
still in his heart. They turned him on his back and 
the surgeon removed it.
  'Gad!' said the captain--'It is Byring!'--add-
ing, with a glance at the other, 'They had a tough
tussle.'
  The surgeon was examining the sword. It was that
of a line officer of Federal infantry--exactly like the
one worn by the captain. It was, in fact, Byring's
own. The only other weapon discovered was an un-
discharged revolver in the dead officer's belt.
  The surgeon laid down the sword and approached
the other body. It was frightfully gashed and
stabbed, but there was no blood. He took hold of the
left foot and tried to straighten the leg. In the effort
the body was displaced. The dead do not wish to be
moved--it protested with a faint, sickening odour.
Where it had lain were a few maggots, manifesting
an imbecile activity.
  The surgeon looked at the captain. The captain
looked at the surgeon.


ONE OF TWINS

A Letter found among the Papers of the late
Mortimer Barr

YOU ask me if in my experience as one of a pair of
twins I ever observed anything unaccountable by the
natural laws with which we have acquaintance. As to
that you shall judge; perhaps we have not all ac-
quaintance with the same natural laws. You may
know some that I do not, and what is to me unac-
countable may be very clear to you.
  You knew my brother John--that is, you knew
him when you knew that I was not present; but
neither you nor, I believe, any human being could
distinguish between him and me if we chose to seem
alike. Our parents could not; ours is the only in-
stance of which I have any knowledge of so close
resemblance as that. I speak of my brother John, but
I am not at all sure that his name was not Henry and
mine John. We were regularly christened, but after-
ward, in the very act of tattooing us with small dis-
tinguishing marks, the operator lost his reckoning;
and although I bear upon my forearm a small 'H'
and he bore a 'J,' it is by no means certain that the
letters ought not to have been transposed. During
our boyhood our parents tried to distinguish us more
obviously by our clothing and other simple devices,
but we would so frequently exchange suits and other-
wise circumvent the enemy that they abandoned all
such ineffectual attempts, and during all the years
that we lived together at home everybody recognized
the difficulty of the situation and made the best of it
by calling us both 'Jehnry.' I have often won-
dered at my father's forbearance in not branding
us conspicuously upon our unworthy brows, but as
we were tolerably good boys and used our power of
embarrassment and annoyance with commendable
moderation, we escaped the iron. My father was, in
fact, a singularly good-natured man, and I think
quietly enjoyed Nature's practical joke.
  Soon after we had come to California, and settled
at San Jose (where the only good fortune that
awaited us was our meeting with so kind a friend as
you), the family, as you know, was broken up by the
death of both my parents in the same week. My
father died insolvent, and the homestead was sacri-
ficed to pay his debts. My sisters returned to rela-
tives in the East, but owing to your kindness John
and I, then twenty-two years of age, obtained em-
ployment in San Francisco, in different quarters of
the town. Circumstances did not permit us to live
together, and we saw each other infrequently, some-
times not oftener than once a week. As we had few
acquaintances in common, the fact of our extraor-
dinary likeness was little known. I come now to the
matter of your inquiry.
  One day soon after we had come to this city I was
walking down Market Street late in the afternoon,
when I was accosted by a well-dressed man of mid-
dle age, who after greeting me cordially said: 'Ste-
vens, I know, of course, that you do not go out
much, but I have told my wife about you, and she
would be glad to see you at the house. I have a no-
tion, too, that my girls are worth knowing. Suppose
you come out to-morrow at six and dine with us, en
famille; and then if the ladies can't amuse you after-
ward I'll stand in with a few games of billiards.'
  This was said with so bright a smile and so en-
gaging a manner that I had not the heart to refuse,
and although I had never seen the man in my life
I promptly replied: 'You are very good, sir, and it
will give me great pleasure to accept the invitation.
Please present my compliments to Mrs. Margovan
and ask her to expect me.'
  With a shake of the hand and a pleasant parting
word the man passed on. That he had mistaken me
for my brother was plain enough. That was an error
to which I was accustomed and which it was not my
habit to rectify unless the matter seemed important.
But how had I known that this man's name was
Margovan? It certainly is not a name that one would
apply to a man at random, with a probability that it
would be right. In point of fact, the name was as
strange to me as the man.
  The next morning I hastened to where my brother
was employed and met him coming out of the office
with a number of bills that he was to collect. I told
him how I had 'committed' him and added that if
he didn't care to keep the engagement I should be
delighted to continue the impersonation.
  'That's queer,' he said thoughtfully. 'Margovan
is the only man in the office here whom I know well
and like. When he came in this morning and we had
passed the usual greetings some singular impulse
prompted me to say: "Oh, I beg your pardon, Mr.
Margovan, but I neglected to ask your address." I
got the address, but what under the sun I was to do
with it, I did not know until now. It's good of you to
offer to take the consequence of your impudence, but
I'll eat that dinner myself, if you please.'
  He ate a number of dinners at the same place--
more than were good for him, I may add without
disparaging their quality; for he fell in love with
Miss Margovan, proposed marriage to her and was
heartlessly accepted.
  Several weeks after I had been informed of the
engagement, but before it had been convenient for
me to make the acquaintance of the young woman
and her family, I met one day on Kearney Street
a handsome but somewhat dissipated-looking man
whom something prompted me to follow and watch,
which I did without any scruple whatever. He turned
up Geary Street and followed it until he came to
Union Square. There he looked at his watch, then
entered the square. He loitered about the paths for
some time, evidently waiting for some one. Presently
he was joined by a fashionably dressed and beauti-
ful young woman and the two walked away up
Stockton Street, I following. I now felt the necessity
of extreme caution, for although the girl was a
stranger it seemed to me that she would recognize
me at a glance. They made several turns from one
street to another and finally, after both had taken
a hasty look all about--which I narrowly evaded by
stepping into a doorway--they entered a house of
which I do not care to state the location. Its location
was better than its character.
  I protest that my action in playing the spy upon
these two strangers was without assignable motive.
It was one of which I might or might not be
ashamed, according to my estimate of the character
of the person finding it out. As an essential part of
a narrative educed by your question it is related here
without hesitancy or shame.
  A week later John took me to the house of his
prospective father-in-law, and in Miss Margovan, as
you have already surmised, but to my profound as-
tonishment, I recognized the heroine of that discred-
itable adventure. A gloriously beautiful heroine of
a discreditable adventure I must in justice admit
that she was; but that fact has only this importance:
her beauty was such a surprise to me that it cast a
doubt upon her identity with the young woman I
had seen before; how could the marvellous fascina-
tion of her face have failed to strike me at that
time? But no--there was no possibility of error; the
difference was due to costume, light and general
surroundings.
  John and I passed the evening at the house, endur-
ing, with the fortitude of long experience, such deli-
cate enough banter as our likeness naturally sug-
gested. When the young lady and I were left alone
for a few minutes I looked her squarely in the face
and said with sudden gravity:
  'You, too, Miss Margovan, have a double: I saw
her last Tuesday afternoon in Union Square.'
  She trained her great grey eyes upon me for a
moment, but her glance was a trifle less steady than
my own and she withdrew it, fixing it on the tip of
her shoe.
  'Was she very like me?' she asked, with an in-
difference which I thought a little overdone.
  'So like,' said I, 'that I greatly admired her, and
being unwilling to lose sight of her I confess that I
followed her until--Miss Margovan, are you sure
that you understand?'
  She was now pale, but entirely calm. She again
raised her eyes to mine, with a look that did not
falter.
  'What do you wish me to do?' she asked. 'You
need not fear to name your terms. I accept them.'
  It was plain, even in the brief time given me for
reflection, that in dealing with this girl ordinary
methods would not do, and ordinary exactions were
needless.
  'Miss Margovan,' I said, doubtless with some-
thing of the compassion in my voice that I had in my
heart,' it is impossible not to think you the victim
of some horrible compulsion. Rather than impose
new embarrassments upon you I would prefer to
aid you to regain your freedom.'
  She shook her head, sadly and hopelessly, and I
continued, with agitation:
  'Your beauty unnerves me. I am disarmed by
your frankness and your distress. If you are free to
act upon conscience you will, I believe, do what you
conceive to be best; if you are not--well, Heaven
help us all! You have nothing to fear from me but
such opposition to this marriage as I can try to
justify on--on other grounds.'
  These were not my exact words, but that was the
sense of them, as nearly as my sudden and conflict-
ing emotions permitted me to express it. I rose and
left her without another look at her, met the others
as they re-entered the room and said, as calmly as
I could: 'I have been bidding Miss Margovan good
evening; it is later than I thought.'
  John decided to go with me. In the street he
asked if I had observed anything singular in Julia's
manner.
  'I thought her ill,' I replied; 'that is why I left.'
Nothing more was said.
  The next evening I came late to my lodgings. The
events of the previous evening had made me nervous
and ill; I had tried to cure myself and attain to clear
thinking by walking in the open air, but I was op-
pressed with a horrible presentiment of evil--a pre-
sentiment which I could not formulate. It was a chill,
foggy night; my clothing and hair were damp and I
shook with cold. In my dressing-gown and slippers
before a blazing grate of coals I was even more un-
comfortable. I no longer shivered but shuddered--
there is a difference. The dread of some impending
calamity was so strong and dispiriting that I tried
to drive it away by inviting a real sorrow--tried to
dispel the conception of a terrible future by substi-
tuting the memory of a painful past. I recalled the
death of my parents and endeavoured to fix my
mind upon the last sad scenes at their bedsides and
their graves. It all seemed vague and unreal, as hav-
ing occurred ages ago and to another person. Sud-
denly, striking through my thought and parting it
as a tense cord is parted by the stroke of steel--I
can think of no other comparison--I heard a sharp
cry as of one in mortal agony! The voice was that of
my brother and seemed to come from the street out-
side my window. I sprang to the window and threw
it open. A street lamp directly opposite threw a
wan and ghastly light upon the wet pavement and
the fronts of the houses. A single policeman, with
upturned collar, was leaning against a gatepost,
quietly smoking a cigar. No one else was in sight.
I closed the window and pulled down the shade,
seated myself before the fire and tried to fix my mind
upon my surroundings. By way of assisting, by per-
formance of some familiar act, I looked at my watch;
it marked half-past eleven. Again I heard that aw-
ful cry! It seemed in the room--at my side. I was
frightened and for some moments had not the power
to move. A few minutes later--I have no recollec-
tion of the intermediate time--I found myself hur-
rying along an unfamiliar street as fast as I could
walk. I did not know where I was, nor whither I was
going, but presently sprang up the steps of a house
before which were two or three carriages and in
which were moving lights and a subdued confusion
of voices. It was the house of Mr. Margovan.
  You know, good friend, what had occurred there.
In one chamber lay Julia Margovan, hours dead by
poison; in another John Stevens, bleeding from a
pistol wound in the chest, inflicted by his own hand.
As I burst into the room; pushed aside the phy-
sicians and laid my hand upon his forehead he un-
closed his eyes, stared blankly, closed them slowly
and died without a sign.
  I knew no more until six weeks afterwards, when
I had been nursed back to life by your own saintly
wife in your own beautiful home. All of that you
know, but what you do not know is this--which,
however, has no bearing upon the subject of your
psychological researches--at least not upon that
branch of them in which, with a delicacy and consid-
eration all your own, you have asked for less as-
sistance than I think I have given you:
  One moonlight night several years afterward I
was passing through Union Square. The hour was
late and the square deserted. Certain memories of
the past naturally came into my mind as I came to
the spot where I had once witnessed that fateful
assignation, and with that unaccountable perversity
which prompts us to dwell upon thoughts of the most
painful character I seated myself upon one of the
benches to indulge them. A man entered the square
and came along the walk toward me. His hands were
clasped behind him, his head was bowed; he seemed
to observe nothing. As he approached the shadow
in which I sat I recognized him as the man whom I
had seen meet Julia Margovan years before at that
spot. But he was terribly altered--grey, worn and
haggard. Dissipation and vice were in evidence in
every look; illness was no less apparent. His cloth-
ing was in disorder, his hair fell across his forehead
in a derangement which was at once uncanny, and
picturesque. He looked fitter for restraint than lib-
erty--the restraint of a hospital.
  With no defined purpose I rose and confronted
him. He raised his head and looked me full in the
face. I have no words to describe the ghastly change
that came over his own; it was a look of unspeakable
terror--he thought himself eye to eye with a ghost.
But he was a courageous man. 'Damn you, John
Stevens!' he cried, and lifting his trembling arm he
dashed his fist feebly at my face and fell headlong
upon the gravel as I walked away.
  Somebody found him there, stone-dead. Nothing
more is known of him, not even his name. To know
of a man that he is dead should be enough.


THE HAUNTED VALLEY

1: How Trees Are Felled in China

A HALF-MILE north from Jo. Dunfer's, on the road
from Hutton's to Mexican Hill, the highway dips
into a sunless ravine which opens out on either hand
in a half-confidential manner, as if it had a secret to
impart at some more convenient season. I never used
to ride through it without looking first to the one
side and then to the other, to see if the time had ar-
rived for the revelation. If I saw nothing--and I
never did see anything--there was no feeling of
disappointment, for I knew the disclosure was
merely withheld temporarily for some good reason
which I had no right to question. That I should one
day be taken into full confidence I no more doubted
than I doubted the existence of Jo. Dunfer himself,
through whose premises the ravine ran.
  It was said that Jo. had once undertaken to erect
a cabin in some remote part of it, but for some rea-
son had abandoned the enterprise and constructed
his present hermaphrodite habitation, half residence
and half groggery, at the roadside, upon an extreme
corner of his estate; as far away as possible, as if on
purpose to show how radically he had changed his
mind.
  This Jo. Dunfer--or, as he was familiarly known
in the neighbourhood, Whisky Jo.--was a very im-
portant personage in those parts. He was apparently
about forty years of age, a long, shock-headed
fellow, with a corded face, a gnarled arm and a
knotty hand like a bunch of prison-keys. He was
a hairy man, with a stoop in his walk, like that
of one who is about to spring upon something and
rend it.
  Next to the peculiarity to which he owed his local
appellation, Mr. Dunfer's most obvious character-
istic was a deep-seated antipathy to the Chinese. I
saw him once in a towering rage because one of his
herdsmen had permitted a travel-heated Asian to
slake his thirst at the horse-trough in front of the
saloon end of Jo.'s establishment. I ventured faintly
to remonstrate with Jo. for his unchristian spirit,
but he merely explained that there was nothing
about Chinamen in the New Testament, and strode
away to wreak his displeasure upon his dog, which
also, I suppose, the inspired scribes had overlooked.
  Some days afterward, finding him sitting alone
in his bar-room, I cautiously approached the sub-
ject, when, greatly to my relief, the habitual aus-
terity of his expression visibly softened into some-
thing that I took for condescension.
  'You young Easterners,' he said, 'are a mile-and-
a-half too good for this country, and you don't
catch on to our play. People who don't know a
Chileno from a Kanaka can afford to hang out
liberal ideas about Chinese immigration, but a fellow
that has to fight for his bone with a lot of mongrel
coolies hasn't any time for foolishness.'
  This long consumer, who had probably never
done an honest day's work in his life, sprung the
lid of a Chinese tobacco-box and with thumb and
forefinger forked out a wad like a small haycock.
Holding this reinforcement within supporting dis-
tance he fired away with renewed confidence.
  'They're a flight of devouring locusts, and they're
going for everything green in this God blest land, if
you want to know.'
  Here he pushed his reserve into the breach and
when his gabble-gear was again disengaged re-
sumed his uplifting discourse.
  'I had one of them on this ranch five years ago,
and I'll tell you about it, so that you can see the
nub of this whole question. I didn't pan out par-
ticularly well those days--drank more whisky than
was prescribed for me and didn't seem to care for my
duty as a patriotic American citizen; so I took that
pagan in, as a kind of cook. But when I got religion
over at the Hill and they talked of running me for
the Legislature it was given to me to see the light.
But what was I to do? If I gave him the go somebody
else would take him, and mightn't treat him white.
What was I to do? What would any good Christian
do, especially one new to the trade and full to the
neck with the brotherhood of Man and the father-
hood of God?'
  Jo. paused for a reply, with an expression of un-
stable satisfaction, as of one who has solved a prob-
lem by a distrusted method. Presently he rose and
swallowed a glass of whisky from a full bottle on
the counter, then resumed his story.
  'Besides, he didn't count for much--didn't know
anything and gave himself airs. They all do that. I
said him nay, but he muled it through on that line
while he lasted; but after turning the other cheek
seventy and seven times I doctored the dice so that
he didn't last for ever. And I'm almighty glad I had
the sand to do it.'
  Jo.'s gladness, which somehow did not impress
me, was duly and ostentatiously celebrated at the
bottle.
  'About five years ago I started in to stick up a
shack. That was before this one was built, and I put
it in another place. I set Ah Wee and a little cuss
named Gopher to cutting the timber. Of course I
didn't expect Ah Wee to help much, for he had a face
like a day in June and big black eyes--I guess
maybe they were the damn'dest eyes in this neck o'
woods.'
  While delivering this trenchant thrust at common
sense Mr. Dunfer absently regarded a knot-hole in
the thin board partition separating the bar from the
living-room, as if that were one of the eyes whose size
and colour had incapacitated his servant for good
service.
  'Now you Eastern galoots won't believe anything
against the yellow devils,' he suddenly flamed out
with an appearance of earnestness not altogether
convincing,' but I tell you that Chink was the per-
versest scoundrel outside San Francisco. The miser-
able pig-tail Mongolian went to hewing away at the
saplings all round the stems, like a worm o' the dust
gnawing a radish. I pointed out his error as pa-
tiently as I knew how, and showed him how to cut
them on two sides, so as to make them fall right;
but no sooner would I turn my back on him, like
this'--and he turned it on me, amplifying the il-
lustration by taking some more liquor--'than he
was at it again. It was just this way: while I looked
at him so'--regarding me rather unsteadily and
with evident complexity of vision--' he was all
right; but when I looked away, so'--taking a long
pull at the bottle--' he defied me. Then I'd gaze at
him reproachfully, so, and butter wouldn't have
melted in his mouth.'
  Doubtless Mr. Dunfer honestly intended the look
that he fixed upon me to be merely reproachful, but
it was singularly fit to arouse the gravest apprehen-
sion in any unarmed person incurring it; and as I had
lost all interest in his pointless and interminable nar-
rative, I rose to go. Before I had fairly risen, he had
again turned to the counter, and with a barely
audible 'so,' had emptied the bottle at a gulp.
  Heavens! what a yell! It was like a Titan in his
last, strong agony. Jo. staggered back after emitting
it, as a cannon recoils from its own thunder, and
then dropped into his chair, as if he had been
'knocked in the head' like a beef--his eyes drawn
sidewise toward the wall, with a stare of terror.
Looking in the same direction, I saw that the knot-
hole in the wall had indeed become a human eye--
a full, black eye, that glared into my own with an
entire lack of expression more awful than the most
devilish glitter. I think I must have covered my face
with my hands to shut out the horrible illusion, if
such it was, and Jo.'s little white man-of-all-work
coming into the room broke the spell, and I walked
out of the house with a sort of dazed fear that
delirium tremens might be infectious. My horse was
hitched at the watering-trough, and untying him I
mounted and gave him his head, too much troubled
in mind to note whither he took me.
  I did not know what to think of all this, and like
everyone who does not know what to think I thought
a great deal, and to little purpose. The only reflection
that seemed at all satisfactory was, that on the mor-
row I should be some miles away, with a strong
probability of never returning.
  A sudden coolness brought me out of my abstrac-
tion, and looking up I found myself entering the deep
shadows of the ravine. The day was stifling; and
this transition from the pitiless, visible heat of the
parched fields to the cool gloom, heavy with pun-
gency of cedars and vocal with twittering of the
birds that had been driven to its leafy asylum, was
exquisitely refreshing. I looked for my mystery,
as usual, but not finding the ravine in a communica-
tive mood, dismounted, led my sweating animal into
the undergrowth, tied him securely to a tree and sat
down upon a rock to meditate.
  I began bravely by analysing my pet superstition
about the place. Having resolved it into its constit-
uent elements I arranged them in convenient troops
and squadrons, and collecting all the forces of my
logic bore down upon them from impregnable prem-
ises with the thunder of irresistible conclusions and
a great noise of chariots and general intellectual
shouting. Then, when my big mental guns had over-
turned all opposition, and were growling almost
inaudibly away on the horizon of pure speculation,
the routed enemy straggled in upon their rear,
massed silently into a solid phalanx, and captured
me, bag and baggage. An indefinable dread came
upon me. I rose to shake it off, and began threading
the narrow dell by an old, grass-grown cow-path that
seemed to flow along the bottom, as a substitute for
the brook that Nature had neglected to provide.
  The trees among which the path straggled were
ordinary, well-behaved plants, a trifle perverted as
to trunk and eccentric as to bough, but with noth-
ing unearthly in their general aspect. A few loose
boulders, which had detached themselves from the
sides of the depression to set up an independent
existence at the bottom, had dammed up the path-
way, here and there, but their stony repose had noth-
ing in it of the stillness of death. There was a kind
of death-chamber hush in the valley, it is true, and a
mysterious whisper above: the wind was just finger-
ing the tops of the trees--that was all.
  I had not thought of connecting Jo. Dunfer's
drunken narrative with what I now sought, and only
when I came into a clear space and stumbled over
the level trunks of some small trees did I have the
revelation. This was the site of the abandoned
'shack.' The discovery was verified by noting that
some of the rotting stumps were hacked all round,
in a most unwoodmanlike way, while others were
cut straight across, and the butt ends of the cor-
responding trunks had the blunt wedge-form given
by the axe of a master.
  The opening among the trees was not more than
thirty paces across. At one side was a little knoll--
a natural hillock, bare of shrubbery but covered
with wild grass, and on this, standing out of the
grass, the headstone of a grave!
  I do not remember that I felt anything like sur-
prise at this discovery. I viewed that lonely grave
with something of the feeling that Columbus must
have had when he saw the hills and headlands of the
new world. Before approaching it I leisurely com-
pleted my survey of the surroundings. I was even
guilty of the affectation of winding my watch at that
unusual hour, and with needless care and delibera-
tion. Then I approached my mystery.
  The grave--a rather short one--was in some-
what better repair than was consistent with its
obvious age and isolation, and my eyes, I dare say,
widened a trifle at a clump of unmistakable garden
flowers showing evidence of recent watering. The
stone had clearly enough done duty once as a door-
step. In its front was carved, or rather dug, an in-
scription. It read thus:

	AH WEE--CHINAMAN.

Age unknown. Worked for Jo. Dunfer.

This monument is erected by him to keep the Chink's
memory green. Likewise as a warning to Celestials
not to take on airs. Devil take 'em!
	She Was a Good Egg.

  I cannot adequately relate my astonishment at
this uncommon inscription! The meagre but suffi-
cient identification of the deceased; the impudent
candour of confession; the brutal anathema; the
ludicrous change of sex and sentiment--all marked
this record as the work of one who must have been
at least as much demented as bereaved. I felt that
any further disclosure would be a paltry anti-climax,
and with an unconscious regard for dramatic effect
turned squarely about and walked away. Nor did
I return to that part of the county for four years.

     2: Who Drives Sane Oxen Should Himself be Sane

  'Gee-up, there, old Fuddy-Duddy!'
  This unique adjuration came from the lips of a
queer little man perched upon a wagonful of fire-
wood, behind a brace of oxen that were hauling it
easily along with a simulation of mighty effort which
had evidently not imposed on their lord and master.
As that gentleman happened at the moment to be
staring me squarely in the face as I stood by the
roadside it was not altogether clear whether he was
addressing me or his beasts; nor could I say if they
were named Fuddy and Duddy and were both sub-
jects of the imperative mood 'to gee-up.' Anyhow
the command produced no effect on us, and the
queer little man removed his eyes from mine long
enough to spear Fuddy and Duddy alternately with
a long pole, remarking, quietly but with feeling:
'Dern your skin,' as if they enjoyed that integu-
ment in common. Observing that my request for
a ride took no attention, and finding myself falling
slowly astern, I placed one foot upon the inner
circumference of a hind wheel and was slowly ele-
vated to the level of the hub, whence I boarded
the concern, sans ceremonie, and scrambling for-
ward seated myself beside the driver--who took no
notice of me until he had administered another in-
discriminate castigation to his cattle, accompanied
with the advice to 'buckle down, you derned In-
capable!' Then, the master of the outfit (or rather
the former master, for I could not suppress a whim-
sical feeling that the entire establishment was my
lawful prize) trained his big, black eyes upon me
with an expression strangely, and somewhat un-
pleasantly, familiar, laid down his rod--which
neither blossomed nor turned into a serpent, as I
half expected--folded his arms, and gravely de-
manded, 'W'at did you do to W'isky?'
  My natural reply would have been that I drank
it, but there was something about the query that
suggested a hidden significance, and something
about the man that did not invite a shallow jest.
And so, having no other answer ready, I merely
held my tongue, but felt as if I were resting under
an imputation of guilt, and that my silence was be-
ing construed into a confession.
  Just then a cold shadow fell upon my cheek, and
caused me to look up. We were descending into
my ravine! I cannot describe the sensation that
came upon me: I had not seen it since it unbosomed
itself four years before, and now I felt like one to
whom a friend has made some sorrowing confession
of crime long past, and who has basely deserted him
in consequence. The old memories of Jo. Dunfer,
his fragmentary revelation, and the unsatisfying
explanatory note by the headstone, came back
with singular distinctness. I wondered what had
become of Jo., and--I turned sharply round and
asked my prisoner. He was intently watching his
cattle, and without withdrawing his eyes replied:
  'Gee-up, old Terrapin! He lies aside of Ah Wee
up the gulch. Like to see it? They always come back
to the spot--I've been expectin' you. H-woa!'
  At the enunciation of the aspirate, Fuddy-Duddy,
the incapable terrapin, came to a dead halt, and
before the vowel had died away up the ravine had
folded up all his eight legs and lain down in the
dusty road, regardless of the effect upon his derned
skin. The queer little man slid off his seat to the
ground and started up the dell without deigning to
look back to see if I was following. But I was.
  It was about the same season of the year, and
at near the same hour of the day, of my last visit.
The jays clamoured loudly, and the trees whispered
darkly, as before; and I somehow traced in the two
sounds a fanciful analogy to the open boastfulness
of Mr. Jo. Dunfer's mouth and the mysterious reti-
cence of his manner, and to the mingled hardihood
and tenderness of his sole literary production--the
epitaph. All things in the valley seemed unchanged,
excepting the cow-path, which was almost wholly
overgrown with weeds. When we came out into the
'clearing,' however, there was change enough. Among
the stumps and trunks of the fallen saplings, those
that had been hacked 'China fashion' were no
longer distinguishable from those that were cut
''Melican way.' It was as if the Old-World barba-
rism and the New-World civilization had reconciled
their differences by the arbitration of an impartial
decay--as is the way of civilizations. The knoll was
there, but the Hunnish brambles had overrun and
all but obliterated its effete grasses; and the patrician
garden-violet had capitulated to his plebeian brother
--perhaps had merely reverted to his original type.
Another grave--a long, robust mound--had been
made beside the first, which seemed to shrink from
the comparison; and in the shadow of a new head-
stone the old one lay prostrate, with its marvellous
inscription illegible by accumulation of leaves and
soil. In point of literary merit the new was inferior
to the old--was even repulsive in its terse and sav-
age jocularity:

JO. DUNFER. DONE FOR

  I turned from it with indifference, and brushing
away the leaves from the tablet of the dead pagan
restored to light the mocking words which, fresh
from their long neglect, seemed to have a certain
pathos. My guide, too, appeared to take on an added
seriousness as he read it, and I fancied that I could
detect beneath his whimsical manner something of
manliness, almost of dignity. But while I looked
at him his former aspect, so subtly unhuman, so
tantalizingly familiar, crept back into his big eyes,
repellent and attractive. I resolved to make an end
of the mystery if possible.
  'My friend,' I said, pointing to the smaller grave,
'did Jo. Dunfer murder that Chinaman?'
  He was leaning against a tree and looking across
the open space into the top of another, or into the
blue sky beyond. He neither withdrew his eyes, nor
altered his posture as he slowly replied:
  'No, sir; he justifiably homicided him.'
  'Then he really did kill him.'
  'Kill 'im? I should say he did, rather. Doesn't
everybody know that? Didn't he stan' up before the
coroner's jury and confess it? And didn't they find
a verdict of "Came to 'is death by a wholesome
Christian sentiment workin' in the Caucasian
breast"? An' didn't the church at the Hill turn
W'isky down for it? And didn't the sovereign people
elect him Justice of the Peace to get even on the
gospellers? I don't know where you were brought up.'
  'But did Jo. do that because the Chinaman did
not, or would not, learn to cut down trees like a
white man ? '
  'Sure!--it stan's so on the record, which makes
it true an' legal. My knowin' better doesn't make
any difference with legal truth; it wasn't my funeral
and I wasn't invited to deliver an oration. But the
fact is, W'isky was jealous o' me'--and the little
wretch actually swelled out like a turkeycock and
made a pretence of adjusting an imaginary neck-tie,
noting the effect in the palm of his hand, held up
before him to represent a mirror.
  'Jealous of you!' I repeated with ill-mannered
astonishment.
  'That's what I said. Why not?--don't I look all
right?'
  He assumed a mocking attitude of studied grace,
and twitched the wrinkles out of his threadbare
waistcoat. Then, suddenly dropping his voice to a
low pitch of singular sweetness, he continued:
  'W'isky thought a lot o' that Chink; nobody but
me knew how 'e doted on 'im. Couldn't bear 'im
out of 'is sight, the derned protoplasm! And w'en
'e came down to this clearin' one day an' found
'im an' me neglectin' our work--'im asleep an' me
grapplin' a tarantula out of 'is sleeve--W'isky laid
hold of my axe and let us have it, good an' hard!
I dodged just then, for the spider bit me, but Ah
Wee got it bad in the side an' tumbled about like
anything. W'isky was just weighin' me out one
w'en 'e saw the spider fastened on my finger; then
'e knew 'e'd make a jackass of 'imself. 'E threw
away the axe and got down on 'is knees alongside of
Ah Wee, who gave a last little kick and opened
'is eyes--'e had eyes like mine--an' puttin' up
'is hands drew down W'isky's ugly head and held
it there w'ile 'e stayed. That wasn't long, for a
tremblin' ran through 'im and 'e gave a bit of a
moan an' beat the game.'
  During the progress of the story the narrator had
become transfigured. The comic, or rather, the sar-
donic element was all out of him, and as he painted
that strange scene it was with difficulty that I kept
my composure. And this consummate actor had
somehow so managed me that the sympathy due
to his dramatis personae was given to himself. I
stepped forward to grasp his hand, when suddenly
a broad grin danced across his face and with a light,
mocking laugh he continued:
  'W'en W'isky got 'is nut out o' that 'e was a sight
to see! All 'is fine clothes--'e dressed mighty blindin'
those days--were spoiled everlastin'! 'Is hair was
tousled and 'is face--what I could see of it--was
whiter than the ace of lilies. 'E stared once at me,
and looked away as if I didn't count; an' then there
were shootin' pains chasin' one another from my
bitten finger into my head, and it was Gopher to the
dark. That's why I wasn't at the inquest.'
  'But why did you hold your tongue afterward?'
I asked.
  'It's that kind of tongue,' he replied, and not
another word would he say about it.
  'After that W'isky took to drinkin' harder an'
harder, and was rabider an' rabider anti-coolie, but
I don't think 'e was ever particularly glad that 'e
dispelled Ah Wee. 'E didn't put on so much dog
about it w'en we were alone as w'en 'e had the ear
of a derned Spectacular Extravaganza like you.
'E put up that headstone and gouged the inscription
accordin' to 'is varyin' moods. It took 'im three
weeks, workin' between drinks. I gouged 'is in one
day.
  'When did Jo. die?' I asked rather absently. The
answer took my breath:
  'Pretty soon after I looked at 'im through that
knot-hole, w'en you had put something in 'is w'isky,
you derned Borgia!'
  Recovering somewhat from my surprise at this
astounding charge, I was half-minded to throttle the
audacious accuser, but was restrained by a sud-
den conviction that came to me in the light of a
revelation. I fixed a grave look upon him and
asked, as calmly as I could: 'And when did you go
loony?'
  'Nine years ago!' he shrieked, throwing out his
clenched hands--'nine years ago, w'en that big
brute killed the woman who loved him better than
she did me!--me who had followed 'er from San
Francisco, where 'e won 'er at draw poker!--me
who had watched over 'er for years w'en the scoun-
drel she belonged to was ashamed to acknowledge
'er and treat 'er white!--me who for her sake kept
'is cussed secret till it ate 'im up!--me who w'en
you poisoned the beast fulfilled 'is last request to
lay 'im alongside 'er and give 'im a stone to the
head of 'im! And I've never since seen 'er grave till
now, for I didn't want to meet 'im here.'
  'Meet him? Why, Gopher, my poor fellow, he is
dead!'
  'That's why I'm afraid of 'im.'
  I followed the little wretch back to his wagon and
wrung his hand at parting. It was now nightfall,
and as I stood there at the roadside in the deepen-
ing gloom, watching the blank outlines of the reced-
ing wagon, a sound was borne to me on the evening
wind--a sound as of a series of vigorous thumps
--and a voice came out of the night:
  'Gee-up, there, you derned old Geranium.'


A JUG OF SYRUP

THIS narrative begins with the death of its hero.
Silas Deemer died on the I6th day of July, 1863;
and two days later his remains were buried. As he
had been personally known to every man, woman
and well-grown child in the village, the funeral, as
the local newspaper phrased it, 'was largely at-
tended.' In accordance with a custom of the time
and place, the coffin was opened at the graveside and
the entire assembly of friends and neighbours filed
past, taking a last look at the face of the dead.
And then, before the eyes of all, Silas Deemer was
put into the ground. Some of the eyes were a trifle
dim, but in a general way it may be said that at that
interment where was lack of neither observance nor
observation; Silas was indubitably dead, and none
could have pointed out any ritual delinquency that
would have justified him in coming back from the
grave. Yet if human testimony is good for anything
(and certainly it once put an end to witchcraft
in and about Salem) he came back.
  I forgot to state that the death and burial of Silas
Deemer occurred in the little village of Hillbrook,
where he had lived for thirty-one years. He had been
what is known in some parts of the Union (which
is admittedly a free country) as a 'merchant'; that
is to say, he kept a retail shop for the sale of such
things as are commonly sold in shops of that char-
acter. His honesty had never been questioned, so
far as is known, and he was held in high esteem by
all. The only thing that could be urged against him
by the most censorious was a too close attention to
business. It was not urged against him, though many
another, who manifested it in no greater degree,
was less leniently judged. The business to which
Silas was devoted was mostly his own--that, pos-
sibly, may have made a difference.
  At the time of Deemer's death nobody could recol-
lect a single day, Sundays excepted, that he had
not passed in his 'store,' since he had opened it more
than a quarter-century before. His health having
been perfect during all that time, he had been
unable to discern any validity in whatever may or
might have been urged to lure him astray from his
counter; and it is related that once when he was
summoned to the county seat as a witness in an
important law case and did not attend, the lawyer
who had the hardihood to move that he be 'ad-
monished' was solemnly informed that the Court
regarded the proposal with 'surprise.' Judicial sur-
prise being an emotion that attorneys are not com-
monly ambitious to arouse, the motion was hastily
withdrawn and an agreement with the other side
effected as to what Mr. Deemer would have said
if he had been there--the other side pushing its
advantage to the extreme and making the supposi-
titious testimony distinctly damaging to the interests
of its proponents. In brief, it was the general feeling
in all that region that Silas Deemer was the one
immobile verity of Hillbrook, and that his transla-
tion in space would precipitate some dismal public
ill or strenuous calamity.
  Mrs. Deemer and two grown daughters occupied
the upper rooms of the building, but Silas had never
been known to sleep elsewhere than on a cot behind
the counter of the store. And there, quite by acci-
dent, he was found one night, dying, and passed
away just before the time for taking down the shut-
ters. Though speechless, he appeared conscious, and
it was thought by those who knew him best that if the
end had unfortunately been delayed beyond the
usual hour for opening the store the effect upon him
would have been deplorable.
  Such had been Silas Deemer--such the fixity and
invariety of his life and habit, that the village humor-
ist (who had once attended college) was moved to
bestow upon him the sobriquet of 'Old Ibidem,'
and, in the first issue of the local newspaper after
the death, to explain without offence that Silas had
taken 'a day off.' It was more than a day, but from
the record it appears that well within a month Mr.
Deemer made it plain that he had not the leisure
to be dead.
  One of Hillbrook's most respected citizens was
Alvan Creede, a banker. He lived in the finest house
in town, kept a carriage and was a most estimable
man variously. He knew something of the advan-
tages of travel, too, having been frequently in Boston,
and once, it was thought, in New York, though he
modestly disclaimed that glittering distinction. The
matter is mentioned here merely as a contribution
to an understanding of Mr. Creede's worth, for
either way it is creditable to him--to his intelli-
gence if he had put himself, even temporarily, into
contact with metropolitan culture; to his candour
if he had not.
  One pleasant summer evening at about the hour
of ten Mr. Creede, entering at his garden gate,
passed up the gravel walk, which looked very white
in the moonlight, mounted the stone steps of his fine
house and pausing a moment inserted his latchkey
in the door. As he pushed this open he met his wife,
who was crossing the passage from the parlour to the
library. She greeted him pleasantly and pulling the
door farther back held it for him to enter. Instead,
he turned and, looking about his feet in front of the
threshold, uttered an exclamation of surprise.
  'Why!--what the devil,' he said, 'has become
of that jug?'
  'What jug, Alvan?' his wife inquired, not very
sympathetically.
  'A jug of maple syrup--I brought it along from
the store and set it down here to open the door.
What the--'
  'There, there, Alvan, please don't swear again,'
said the lady, interrupting. Hillbrook, by the way,
is not the only place in Christendom where a vestigal
polytheism forbids the taking in vain of the Evil
One's name.
  The jug of maple syrup which the easy ways of
village life had permitted Hillbrook's foremost citi-
zen to carry home from the store was not there.
  'Are you quite sure, Alvan?'
  'My dear, do you suppose a man does not know
when he is carrying a jug? I bought that syrup at
Deemer's as I was passing. Deemer himself drew it
and lent me the jug, and I--'
  The sentence remains to this day unfinished. Mr.
Creede staggered into the house, entered the parlour
and dropped into an arm-chair, trembling in every
limb. He had suddenly remembered that Silas
Deemer was three weeks dead.
  Mrs. Creede stood by her husband, regarding
him with surprise and anxiety.
  'For Heaven's sake,' she said, 'what ails you?'
Mr. Creede's ailment having no obvious relation
to the interests of the better land he did not appar-
ently deem it necessary to expound it on that de-
mand; he said nothing--merely stared. There were
long moments of silence broken by nothing but the
measured ticking of the clock, which seemed some-
what slower than usual, as if it were civilly granting
them an extension of time in which to recover their
wits.
  'Jane, I have gone mad--that is it.' He spoke
thickly and hurriedly. 'You should have told me;
you must have observed my symptoms before they
became so pronounced that I have observed them
myself. I thought I was passing Deemer's store; it
was open and lit up--that is what I thought; of
course it is never open now. Silas Deemer stood at
his desk behind the counter. My God, Jane, I saw
him as distinctly as I see you. Remembering that
you had said you wanted some maple syrup, I went
in and bought some--that is all--I bought two
quarts of maple syrup from Silas Deemer, who is
dead and underground, but nevertheless drew that
syrup from a cask and handed it to me in a jug. He
talked with me, too, rather gravely, I remember,
even more so than was his way, but not a word of
what he said can I now recall. But I saw him--
good Lord, I saw and talked with him--and he
is dead  So I thought, but I'm mad, Jane, I'm
as crazy as a beetle; and you have kept it from
me.'
  This monologue gave the woman time to collect
what faculties she had.
  'Alvan,' she said, 'you have given no evidence of
insanity, believe me. This was undoubtedly an illu-
sion--how should it be anything else? That would
be too terrible! But there is no insanity; you are
working too hard at the bank. You should not have
attended the meeting of directors this evening; any-
one could see that you were ill; I knew something
would occur.'
  It may have seemed to him that the prophecy
had lagged a bit, awaiting the event, but he said
nothing of that, being concerned with his own con-
dition. He was calm now, and could think coherently.
  'Doubtless the phenomenon was subjective,' he
said, with a somewhat ludicrous transition to the
slang of science. 'Granting the possibility of spiritual
apparition and even materialization, yet the appari-
tion and materialization of a half-gallon brown clay
jug--a piece of coarse, heavy pottery evolved from
nothing--that is hardly thinkable.'
  As he finished speaking, a child ran into the room
--his little daughter. She was clad in a bedgown.
Hastening to her father she threw her arms about
his neck, saying: 'You naughty papa, you forgot
to come in and kiss me. We heard you open the
gate and got up and looked out. And, papa dear,
Eddy says mayn't he have the little jug when it is
empty?'
  As the full import of that revelation imparted it-
self to Alvan Creede's understanding he visibly
shuddered. For the child could not have heard a
word of the conversation.
  The estate of Silas Deemer being in the hands of
an administrator who had thought it best to dispose
of the 'business,' the store had been closed ever
since the owner's death, the goods having been
removed by another 'merchant' who had purchased
them en bloc. The rooms above were vacant as well,
for the widow and daughters had gone to another
town.
  On the evening immediately after Alvan Creede's
adventure (which had somehow 'got out') a crowd
of men, women and children thronged the sidewalk
opposite the store. That the place was haunted by
the spirit of the late Silas Deemer was now well
known to every resident of Hillbrook, though many
affected disbelief. Of these the hardiest, and in a
general way the youngest, threw stones against the
front of the building, the only part accessible, but
carefully missed the unshuttered windows. Incre-
dulity had not grown to malice. A few venturesome
souls crossed the street and rattled the door in its
frame; struck matches and held them near the win-
dow; attempted to view the black interior. Some of
the spectators invited attention to their wit by
shouting and groaning and challenging the ghost
to a foot-race.
  After a considerable time had elapsed without
any manifestation, and many of the crowd had gone
away, all those remaining began to observe that the
interior of the store was suffused with a dim, yellow
light. At this all demonstrations ceased; the intrepid
souls about the door and windows fell back to the
opposite side of the street and were merged in the
crowd; the small boys ceased throwing stones. No-
body spoke above his breath; all whispered ex-
citedly and pointed to the now steadily growing
light. How long a time had passed since the first
faint glow had been observed none could have
guessed, but eventually the illumination was bright
enough to reveal the whole interior of the store; and
there, standing at his desk behind the counter Silas
Deemer was distinctly visible!
  The effect upon the crowd was marvellous. It be-
gan rapidly to melt away at both flanks, as the
timid left the place. Many ran as fast as their legs
would let them; others moved off with greater dig-
nity, turning occasionally to look backward over
the shoulder. At last a score or more, mostly men,
remained where they were, speechless, staring,
excited. The apparition inside gave them no atten-
tion; it was apparently occupied with a book of
accounts.
  Presently three men left the crowd on the side-
walk as if by a common impulse and crossed the
street. One of them, a heavy man, was about to set
his shoulder against the door when it opened, ap-
parently without human agency, and the courageous
investigators passed in. No sooner had they crossed
the threshold than they were seen by the awed
observers outside to be acting in the most unaccount-
able way. They thrust out their hands before them,
pursued devious courses, came into violent collision
with the counter, with boxes and barrels on the floor,
and with one another. They turned awkwardly
hither and thither and seemed trying to escape, but
unable to retrace their steps. Their voices were heard
in exclamations and curses. But in no way did the
apparition of Silas Deemer manifest an interest in
what was going on.
  By what impulse the crowd was moved none ever
recollected, but the entire mass--men, women,
children, dogs--made a simultaneous and tumultu-
ous rush for the entrance. They congested the
doorway, pushing for precedence--resolving them-
selves at length into a line and moving up step
by step. By some subtle spiritual or physical
alchemy observation had been transmuted into
action--the sightseers had become participants
in the spectacle--the audience had usurped the
stage.
  To the only spectator remaining on the other
side of the street--Alvan Creede, the banker--
the interior of the store with its inpouring crowd
continued in full illumination; all the strange things
going on there were clearly visible. To those inside
all was black darkness. It was as if each person as he
was thrust in at the door had been stricken blind,
and was maddened by the mischance. They groped
with aimless imprecision, tried to force their way
out against the current, pushed and elbowed, struck
at random, fell and were trampled, rose and trampled
in their turn. They seized one another by the gar-
ments, the hair, the beard--fought like animals,
cursed, shouted, called one another opprobrious and
obscene names. When, finally, Alvan Creede
had seen the last person of the line pass into that
awful tumult the light that had illuminated it was
suddenly quenched and all was as black to him
as to those within. He turned away and left the
place.
  In the early morning a curious crowd had gath-
ered about 'Deemer's.' It was composed partly of
those who had run away the night before, but now
had the courage of sunshine, partly of honest folk
going to their daily toil. The door of the store stood
open; the place was vacant, but on the walls, the
floor, the furniture, were shreds of clothing and tan-
gles of hair. Hillbrook militant had managed some-
how to pull itself out and had gone home to medi-
cine its hurts and swear that it had been all night in
bed. On the dusty desk, behind the counter, was the
sales book. The entries in it, in Deemer's handwrit-
ing, had ceased on the 16th day of July, the last of
his life. There was no record of a later sale to Alvan
Creede.
  That is the entire story--except that men's pas-
sions having subsided and reason having resumed
its immemorial sway, it was confessed in Hillbrook
that, considering the harmless and honourable char-
acter of his first commercial transaction under the
new conditions, Silas Deemer, deceased, might
properly have been suffered to resume business at
the old stand without mobbing. In that judgment
the local historian from whose unpublished work
these facts are compiled had the thoughtfulness to
signify his concurrence.


STALEY FLEMING'S HALLUCINATION

OF two men who were talking one was a physician.
  'I sent for you, Doctor,' said the other, 'but I
don't think you can do me any good. Maybe you
can recommend a specialist in psychopathy. I fancy
I'm a bit loony.'
  'You look all right,' the physician said.
  'You shall judge--I have hallucinations. I wake
every night and see in my room, intently watching
me, a big black Newfoundland dog with a white
forefoot.'
  'You say you wake; are you sure about that?
"Hallucinations" are sometimes only dreams.'
  'Oh, I wake all right. Sometimes I lie still a long
time, looking at the dog as earnestly as the dog
looks at me--I always leave the light going. When
I can't endure it any longer I sit up in bed--and
nothing is there!
  ''M, 'm--what is the beast's expression?'
  'It seems to me sinister. Of course I know that,
except in art, an animal's face in repose has always
the same expression. But this is not a real animal.
Newfoundland dogs are pretty mild looking, you
know; what's the matter with this one?"
  'Really, my diagnosis would have no value: I am
not going to treat the dog.'
  The physician laughed at his own pleasantry, but
narrowly watched his patient from the corner of his
eye. Presently he said: 'Fleming, your description
of the beast fits the dog of the late Atwell Barton.'
  Fleming half rose from his chair, sat again and
made a visible attempt at indifference. 'I remember
Barton,' he said; 'I believe he was--it was re-
ported that--wasn't there something suspicious in
his death?'
  Looking squarely now into the eyes of his patient,
the physician said: 'Three years ago the body of
your old enemy, Atwell Barton, was found in the
woods near his house and yours. He had been
stabbed to death. There have been no arrests; there
was no clue. Some of us had "theories." I had one.
Have you?"
  'I? Why, bless your soul, what could I know
about it? You remember that I left for Europe almost
immediately afterward--a considerable time after-
ward. In the few weeks since my return you could
not expect me to construct a "theory." In fact, I have
not given the matter a thought. What about his
dog?"
  'It was first to find the body. It died of starva-
tion on his grave.'
  We do not know the inexorable law underlying
coincidences. Staley Fleming did not, or he would
perhaps not have sprung to his feet as the night
wind brought in through the open window the long
wailing howl of a distant dog. He strode several
times across the room in the steadfast gaze of the
physician; then, abruptly confronting him, almost
shouted: 'What has all this to do with my trouble,
Dr. Halderman? You forget why you were sent for.'
Rising, the physician laid his hand upon his pa-
tient's arm and said, gently: 'Pardon me. I cannot
diagnose your disorder offhand--to-morrow, per-
haps. Please go to bed, leaving your door unlocked;
I will pass the night here with your books. Can you
call me without rising?"
  'Yes, there is an electric bell.'
  'Good. If anything disturbs you push the button
without sitting up. Good night.'
  Comfortably installed in an arm-chair the man of
medicine stared into the glowing coals and thought
deeply and long, but apparently to little purpose,
for he frequently rose and opening a door leading to
the staircase, listened intently; then resumed his
seat. Presently, however, he fell asleep, and when
he woke it was past midnight. He stirred the failing
fire, lifted a book from the table at his side and
looked at the title. It was Denneker's Meditations.
He opened it at random and began to read:

  'Forasmuch as it is ordained of God that all flesh
hath spirit and thereby taketh on spiritual powers,
so, also, the spirit hath powers of the flesh, even
when it is gone out of the flesh and liveth as a thing
apart, as many a violence performed by wraith and
lemure sheweth. And there be who say that man is
not single in this, but the beasts have the like evil
inducement, and--'

  The reading was interrupted by a shaking of the
house, as by the fall of a heavy object. The reader
flung down the book, rushed from the room and
mounted the stairs to Fleming's bed-chamber. He
tried the door, but contrary to his instructions it was
locked. He set his shoulder against it with such
force that it gave way. On the floor near the disor-
dered bed, in his night-clothes, lay Fleming, gasping
away his life.
  The physician raised the dying man's head from
the floor and observed a wound in the throat. 'I
should have thought of this,' he said, believing it
suicide.
  When the man was dead an examination disclosed
the unmistakable marks of an animal's fangs deeply
sunken into the jugular vein.
  But there was no animal.


A RESUMED IDENTITY

1: The Review as a Form of Welcome

ONE summer night a man stood on a low hill over-
looking a wide expanse of forest and field. By the
full moon hanging low in the west he knew what
he might not have known otherwise: that it was
near the hour of dawn. A light mist lay along the
earth, partly veiling the lower features of the land-
scape, but above it the taller trees showed in well-
defined masses against a clear sky. Two or three
farmhouses were visible through the haze, but in
none of them, naturally, was a light. Nowhere, in-
deed, was any sign or suggestion of life except the
barking of a distant dog, which, repeated with me-
chanical iteration, served rather to accentuate than
dispel the loneliness of the scene.
  The man looked curiously about him on all sides,
as one who among familiar surroundings is unable
to determine his exact place and part in the scheme
of things. It is so, perhaps, that we shall act when,
risen from the dead, we await the call to judgment.
  A hundred yards away was a straight road, show-
ing white in the moonlight. Endeavouring to orient
himself, as a surveyor or navigator might say, the
man moved his eyes slowly along its visible length
and at a distance of a quarter-mile to the south of
his station saw, dim and grey in the haze, a group
of horsemen riding to the north. Behind them were
men afoot, marching in column, with dimly gleam-
ing rifles aslant above their shoulders. They moved
slowly and in silence. Another group of horsemen,
another regiment of infantry, another and another
--all in unceasing motion toward the man's point
of view, past it, and beyond. A battery of artillery
followed, the cannoneers riding with folded arms
on limber and caisson. And still the interminable
procession came out of the obscurity to south and
passed into the obscurity to north, with never a
sound of voice, nor hoof, nor wheel.
  The man could not rightly understand: he thought
himself deaf; said so, and heard his own voice, al-
though it had an unfamiliar quality that almost
alarmed him; it disappointed his ear's expectancy in
the matter of timbre and resonance. But he was not
deaf, and that for the moment sufficed.
  Then he remembered that there are natural phe-
nomena to which some one has given the name
'acoustic shadows.' If you stand in an acoustic
shadow there is one direction from which you will
hear nothing. At the battle of Gaines's Mill, one of
the fiercest conflicts of the Civil War, with a
hundred guns in play, spectators a mile and a half
away on the opposite side of the Chickahominy Val-
ley heard nothing of what they clearly saw. The
bombardment of Port Royal, heard and felt at St.
Augustine, a hundred and fifty miles to the south,
was inaudible two miles to the north in a still at-
mosphere. A few days before the surrender at Ap-
pomattox a thunderous engagement between the
commands of Sheridan and Pickett was unknown to
the latter commander, a mile in the rear of his own
line.
  These instances were not known to the man of
whom we write, but less striking ones of the same
character had not escaped his observation. He was
profoundly disquieted, but for another reason than
the uncanny silence of that moonlight march.
  'Good Lord! ' he said to himself--and again it
was as if another had spoken his thought--'if those
people are what I take them to be we have lost the
battle and they are moving on Nashville!'
  Then came a thought of self--an apprehension
--a strong sense of personal peril, such as in an-
other we call fear. He stepped quickly into the
shadow of a tree. And still the silent battalions
moved slowly forward in the haze.
  The chill of a sudden breeze upon the back of
his neck drew his attention to the quarter whence
it came, and turning to the east he saw a faint grey
light along the horizon--the first sign of return-
ing day. This increased his apprehension.
  'I must get away from here,' he thought, 'or I
shall be discovered and taken.'
  He moved out of the shadow, walking rapidly
toward the greying east. From the safer seclusion of
a clump of cedars he looked back. The entire column
had passed out of sight: the straight white road lay
bare and desolate in the moonlight!
  Puzzled before, he was now inexpressibly aston-
ished. So swift a passing of so slow an army!--he
could not comprehend it. Minute after minute
passed unnoted; he had lost his sense of time. He
sought with a terrible earnestness a solution of the
mystery, but sought in vain. When at last he roused
himself from his abstraction the sun's rim was visi-
ble above the hills, but in the new conditions he
found no other light than that of day; his under-
standing was involved as darkly in doubt as before.
  On every side lay cultivated fields showing no
sign of war and war's ravages. From the chimneys
of the farmhouses thin ascensions of blue smoke
signalled preparations for a day's peaceful toil. Hav-
ing stilled its immemorial allocution to the moon, the
watch-dog was assisting a negro who, prefixing a
team of mules to the plough, was flatting and sharp-
ing contentedly at his task. The hero of this tale
stared stupidly at the pastoral picture as if he had
never seen such a thing in all his life; then he put his
hand to his head, passed it through his hair and,
withdrawing it, attentively considered the palm--a
singular thing to do. Apparently reassured by the
act, he walked confidently toward the road.

2: When You have Lost Your Life Consult a Physician

  Dr. Stilling Malson, of Murfreesboro, having vis-
ited a patient six or seven miles away, on the Nash-
ville road, had remained with him all night. At day-
break he set out for home on horseback, as was the
custom of doctors of the time and region. He had
passed into the neighbourhood of Stone's River bat-
tlefield when a man approached him from the road-
side and saluted in the military fashion, with a
movement of the right hand to the hat-brim. But the
hat was not a military hat, the man was not in uni-
form and had not a martial bearing. The doctor
nodded civilly, half thinking that the stranger's un-
common greeting was perhaps in deference to the
historic surroundings. As the stranger evidently de-
sired speech with him he courteously reined in his
horse and waited.
  'Sir,' said the stranger, 'although a civilian, you
are perhaps an enemy.'
  'I am a physician,' was the non-committal reply.
  'Thank you,' said the other. 'I am a lieutenant,
of the staff of General Hazen.' He paused a moment
and looked sharply at the person whom he was
addressing, then added, 'Of the Federal army.'
The physician merely nodded.
  'Kindly tell me,' continued the other, 'what has
happened here. Where are the armies? Which has
won the battle?'
  The physician regarded his questioner curiously
with half-shut eyes. After a professional scru-
tiny, prolonged to the limit of politeness, 'Pardon
me,' he said; 'one asking information should be
willing to impart it. Are you wounded?' he added,
smiling.
  'Not seriously--it seems.'
  The man removed the unmilitary hat, put his
hand to his head, passed it through his hair and,
withdrawing it, attentively considered the palm.
  'I was struck by a bullet and have been uncon-
scious. It must have been a light, glancing blow: I
find no blood and feel no pain. I will not trouble you
for treatment, but will you kindly direct me to my
command--to any part of the Federal army--if
you know?'
  Again the doctor did not immediately reply: he
was recalling much that is recorded in the books of
his profession--something about lost identity and
the effect of familiar scenes in restoring it. At length
he looked the man in the face, smiled, and said:
  'Lieutenant, you are not wearing the uniform of
your rank and service.'
  At this the man glanced down at his civilian attire,
lifted his eyes, and said with hesitation:
  'That is true. I--I don't quite understand.'
  Still regarding him sharply but not unsympatheti-
cally, the man of science bluntly inquired:
  'How old are you?'
  'Twenty-three--if that has anything to do
with it.'
  'You don't look it; I should hardly have guessed
you to be just that.'
  The man was growing impatient. 'We need not
discuss that,' he said: 'I want to know about the
army. Not two hours ago I saw a column of troops
moving northward on this road. You must have met
them. Be good enough to tell me the colour of their
clothing, which I was unable to make out, and I'll
trouble you no more.'
  'You are quite sure that you saw them?'
  'Sure? My God, sir, I could have counted them!'
  'Why, really,' said the physician, with an amusing
consciousness of his own resemblance to the loqua-
cious barber of the Arabian Nights, 'this is very in-
teresting. I met no troops.'
  The man looked at him coldly, as if he had himself
observed the likeness to the barber. 'It is plain,' he
said, 'that you do not care to assist me. Sir, you
may go to the devil!'
  He turned and strode away, very much at ran-
dom, across the dewy fields, his half-penitent tor-
mentor quietly watching him from his point of van-
tage in the saddle till he disappeared beyond an
array of trees.

3: The Danger of Looking into a Pool of Water

  After leaving the road the man slackened his pace,
and now went forward, rather deviously, with a dis-
tinct feeling of fatigue. He could not account for
this, though truly the interminable loquacity of that
country doctor offered itself in explanation. Seating
himself upon a rock, he laid one hand upon his
knee, back upward, and casually looked at it. It was
lean and withered. He lifted both hands to his face.
It was seamed and furrowed; he could trace the lines
with the tips of his fingers. How strange!--a mere
bullet-stroke and a brief unconsciousness should not
make one a physical wreck.
  'I must have been a long time in hospital,' he
said aloud. 'Why, what a fool I am! The battle was
in December, and it is now summer!' He laughed.
'No wonder that fellow thought me an escaped luna-
tic. He was wrong: I am only an escaped patient.'
  At a little distance a small plot of ground enclosed
by a stone wall caught his attention. With no very
definite intent he rose and went to it. In the centre
was a square, solid monument of hewn stone. It
was brown with age, weather-worn at the angles,
spotted with moss and lichen. Between the massive
blocks were strips of grass the leverage of whose roots
had pushed them apart. In answer to the challenge of
this ambitious structure Time had laid his destroy-
ing hand upon it, and it would soon be 'one with
Nineveh and Tyre.' In an inscription on one side
his eye caught a familiar name. Shaking with ex-
citement, he craned his body across the wall and
read:

          HAZEN'S BRIGADE
                 to
    The Memory of Its Soldiers
            who fell at
    Stone River, Dec. 31, 1862.

  The man fell back from the wall, faint and sick.
Almost within an arm's length was a little depression
in the earth; it had been filled by a recent rain--a
pool of clear water. He crept to it to revive himself,
lifted the upper part of his body on his trembling
arms, thrust forward his head and saw the reflection
of his face, as in a mirror. He uttered a terrible cry.
His arms gave way; he fell, face downward, into
the pool and yielded up the life that had spanned
another life.


A BABY TRAMP

IF YOU had seen little Jo standing at the street corner
in the rain, you would hardly have admired him. It
was apparently an ordinary autumn rainstorm, but
the water which fell upon Jo (who was hardly old
enough to be either just or unjust, and so perhaps
did not come under the law of impartial distribu-
tion) appeared to have some property peculiar to
itself: one would have said it was dark and adhesive
--sticky. But that could hardly be so, even in Black-
burg, where things certainly did occur that were a
good deal out of the common.
  For example, ten or twelve years before, a shower
of small frogs had fallen, as is credibly attested by a
contemporaneous chronicle, the record concluding
with a somewhat obscure statement to the effect that
the chronicler considered it good growing-weather for
Frenchmen.
  Some years later Blackburg had a fall of crimson
snow; it is cold in Blackburg when winter is on, and
the snows are frequent and deep. There can be no
doubt of it--the snow in this instance was of the
colour of blood and melted into water of the same
hue, if water it was, not blood. The phenomenon
had attracted wide attention, and science had as
many explanations as there were scientists who knew
nothing about it. But the men of Blackburg--men
who for many years had lived right there where the
red snow fell, and might be supposed to know a
good deal about the matter--shook their heads and
said something would come of it.
  And something did, for the next summer was
made memorable by the prevalence of a mysterious
disease--epidemic, endemic, or the Lord knows
what, though the physicians didn't--which carried
away a full half of the population. Most of the other
half carried themselves away and were slow to re-
turn, but finally came back, and were now increasing
and multiplying as before, but Blackburg had not
since been altogether the same.
  Of quite another kind, though equally 'out of the
common,' was the incident of Hetty Parlow's ghost.
Hetty Parlow's maiden name had been Brownon,
and in Blackburg that meant more than one would
think.
  The Brownons had from time immemorial--from
the very earliest of the old colonial days--been the
leading family of the town. It was the richest and it
was the best, and Blackburg would have shed the
last drop of its plebeian blood in defence of the
Brownon fair fame. As few of the family's mem-
bers had ever been known to live permanently
away from Blackburg, although most of them were
educated elsewhere and nearly all had travelled, there
was quite a number of them. The men held most of
the public offices, and the women were foremost in
all good works. Of these latter, Hetty was most be-
loved by reason of the sweetness of her disposition,
the purity of her character and her singular personal
beauty. She married in Boston a young scape-
grace named Parlow, and like a good Brownon
brought him to Blackburg forthwith and made a
man and a town councillor of him. They had a child
which they named Joseph and dearly loved, as was
then the fashion among parents in all that region.
Then they died of the mysterious disorder already
mentioned, and at the age of one whole year Joseph
set up as an orphan.
  Unfortunately for Joseph the disease which had
cut off his parents did not stop at that; it went on
and extirpated nearly the whole Brownon contingent
and its allies by marriage; and those who fled did
not return. The tradition was broken, the Brownon
estates passed into alien hands, and the only
Brownons remaining in that place were underground
in Oak Hill Cemetery, where, indeed, was a colony
of them powerful enough to resist the encroachment
of surrounding tribes and hold the best part of the
grounds. But about the ghost:
  One night, about three years after the death of
Hetty Parlow, a number of the young people of
Blackburg were passing Oak Hill Cemetery in a
wagon--if you have been there you will remember
that the road to Greenton runs alongside it on the
south. They had been attending a May Day festival
at Greenton; and that serves to fix the date. Alto-
gether there may have been a dozen, and a jolly
party they were, considering the legacy of gloom left
by the town's recent sombre experiences. As they
passed the cemetery the man driving suddenly reined
in his team with an exclamation of surprise. It was
sufficiently surprising, no doubt, for just ahead, and
almost at the roadside, though inside the cemetery,
stood the ghost of Hetty Parlow. There could be
no doubt of it, for she had been personally known
to every youth and maiden in the party. That estab-
lished the thing's identity; its character as ghost
was signified by all the customary signs--the
shroud, the long, undone hair, the 'far-away look'
--everything. This disquieting apparition was
stretching out its arms toward the west, as if in
supplication for the evening star, which, certainly,
was an alluring object, though obviously out of
reach. As they all sat silent (so the story goes) every
member of that party of merrymakers--they had
merrymade on coffee and lemonade only--distinctly
heard that ghost call the name 'Joey, Joey!' A mo-
ment later nothing was there. Of course one does not
have to believe all that.
  Now, at that moment, as was afterward ascer-
tained, Joey was wandering about in the sagebrush
on the opposite side of the continent, near Winne-
mucca, in the State of Nevada. He had been taken
to that town by some good persons distantly related
to his dead father, and by them adopted and ten-
derly cared for. But on that evening the poor child
had strayed from home and was lost in the desert.
  His after history is involved in obscurity and has
gaps which conjecture alone can fill. It is known that
he was found by a family of Piute Indians, who kept
the little wretch with them for a time and then sold
him--actually sold him for money to a woman on
one of the east-bound trains, at a station a long
way from Winnemucca. The woman professed to
have made all manner of inquiries, but all in vain:
so, being childless and a widow, she adopted him
herself. At this point of his career Jo seemed to be
getting a long way from the condition of orphanage;
the interposition of a multitude of parents between
himself and that woeful state promised him a long
immunity from its disadvantages.
  Mrs. Darnell, his newest mother, lived in Cleve-
land, Ohio. But her adopted son did not long remain
with her. He was seen one afternoon by a police-
man, new to that beat, deliberately toddling away
from her house, and being questioned answered that
he was 'a doin' home.' He must have travelled by
rail, somehow, for three days later he was in the
town of Whiteville, which, as you know, is a long
way from Blackburg. His clothing was in pretty fair
condition, but he was sinfully dirty. Unable to give
any account of himself he was arrested as a vagrant
and sentenced to imprisonment in the Infants' Shel-
tering Home--where he was washed.
  Jo ran away from the Infants' Sheltering Home
at Whiteville--just took to the woods one day,
and the Home knew him no more for ever.
  We find him next, or rather get back to him, stand-
ing forlorn in the cold autumn rain at a suburban
street corner in Blackburg; and it seems right to
explain now that the raindrops falling upon him
there were really not dark and gummy; they only
failed to make his face and hands less so. Jo was
indeed fearfully and wonderfully besmirched, as by
the hand of an artist. And the forlorn little tramp
had no shoes; his feet were bare, red, and swollen,
and when he walked he limped with both legs. As
to clothing--ah, you would hardly have had the
skill to name any single garment that he wore, or
say by what magic he kept it upon him. That he
was cold all over and all through did not admit of a
doubt; he knew it himself. Anyone would have been
cold there that evening; but, for that reason, no one
else was there. How Jo came to be there himself, he
could not for the flickering little life of him have
told, even if gifted with a vocabulary exceeding a
hundred words. From the way he stared about him
one could have seen that he had not the faintest no-
tion of where (nor why) he was.
  Yet he was not altogether a fool in his day and
generation; being cold and hungry, and still able to
walk a little by bending his knees very much indeed
and putting his feet down toes first, he decided to
enter one of the houses which flanked the street at
long intervals and looked so bright and warm. But
when he attempted to act upon that very sensible de-
cision a burly dog came browsing out and disputed
his right. Inexpressibly frightened, and believing,
no doubt (with some reason, too), that brutes with-
out meant brutality within, he hobbled away from
all the houses, and with grey, wet fields to right of
him and grey, wet fields to left of him--with the
rain half blinding him and the night coming in mist
and darkness, held his way along the road that
leads to Greenton. That is to say, the road leads
those to Greenton who succeed in passing the Oak
Hill Cemetery. A considerable number every year
do not.
  Jo did not.
  They found him there the next morning, very wet,
very cold, but no longer hungry. He had apparently
entered the cemetery gate--hoping, perhaps, that it
led to a house where there was no dog--and gone
blundering about in the darkness, falling over many
a grave, no doubt, until he had tired of it all and
given up. The little body lay upon one side, with one
soiled cheek upon one soiled hand, the other hand
tucked away among the rags to make it warm, the
other cheek washed clean and white at last, as for
a kiss from one of God's great angels. It was ob-
served--though nothing was thought of it at the
time, the body being as yet unidentified--that the
little fellow was lying upon the grave of Hetty Par-
low. The grave, however, had not opened to re-
ceive him. That is a circumstance which, without
actual irreverence, one may wish had been ordered
otherwise.


THE NIGHT-DOINGS AT 'DEADMAN'S'

A Story that is Untrue

IT was a singularly sharp night, and clear as the
heart of a diamond. Clear nights have a trick of be-
ing keen. In darkness you may be cold and not
know it; when you see, you suffer. This night was
bright enough to bite like a serpent. The moon was
moving mysteriously along behind the giant pines
crowning the South Mountain, striking a cold
sparkle from the crusted snow, and bringing out
against the black west and ghostly outlines of the
Coast Range, beyond which lay the invisible Pa-
cific. The snow had piled itself, in the open spaces
along the bottom of the gulch, into long ridges that
seemed to heave, and into hills that appeared to
toss and scatter spray. The spray was sunlight, twice
reflected: dashed once from the moon, once from the
snow.
  In this snow many of the shanties of the aban-
doned mining camp were obliterated (a sailor might
have said they had gone down), and at irregular in-
tervals it had overtopped the tall trestles which had
once supported a river called a flume; for, of course,
'flume' is flumen. Among the advantages of which
the mountains cannot deprive the gold-hunter is the
privilege of speaking Latin. He says of his dead
neighbour, 'He has gone up the flume.' This is not
a bad way to say, 'His life has returned to the
Fountain of Life.'
  While putting on its armour against the assaults of
the wind, this snow had neglected no coign of van-
tage. Snow pursued by the wind is not wholly unlike
a retreating army. In the open field it ranges itself
in ranks and battalions; where it can get a foothold
it makes a stand; where it can take cover it does
so. You may see whole platoons of snow cowering
behind a bit of broken wall. The devious old road,
hewn out of the mountainside, was full of it. Squad-
ron upon squadron had struggled to escape by this
line, when suddenly pursuit had ceased. A more
desolate and dreary spot than Deadman's Gulch in
a winter midnight it is impossible to imagine. Yet
Mr. Hiram Beeson elected to live there, the sole
inhabitant.
  Away up the side of the North Mountain his little
pine-log shanty projected from its single pane of
glass a long, thin beam of light, and looked not
altogether unlike a black beetle fastened to the
hillside with a bright new pin. Within it sat Mr.
Beeson himself, before a roaring fire, staring into
its hot heart as if he had never before seen such a
thing in all his life. He was not a comely man. He
was grey; he was ragged and slovenly in his attire;
his face was wan and haggard; his eyes were too
bright. As to his age, if one had attempted to guess
it, one might have said forty-seven, then corrected
himself and said seventy-four. He was really twenty-
eight. Emaciated he was; as much, perhaps, as he
dared be, with a needy undertaker at Bentley's Flat
and a new and enterprising coroner at Sonora. Pov-
erty and zeal are an upper and a nether millstone.
It is dangerous to make a third in that kind of
sandwich.
  As Mr. Beeson sat there, with his ragged elbows
on his ragged knees, his lean jaws buried in his
lean hands, and with no apparent intention of going
to bed, he looked as if the slightest movement would
tumble him to pieces. Yet during the last hour he had
winked no fewer than three times.
  There was a sharp rapping at the door. A rap at
that time of night and in that weather might have
surprised an ordinary mortal who had dwelt two
years in the gulch without seeing a human face, and
could not fail to know that the country was impass-
able; but Mr. Beeson did not so much as pull his
eyes out of the coals. And even when the door was
pushed open he only shrugged a little more closely
into himself, as one does who is expecting some-
thing that he would rather not see. You may observe
this movement in women when, in a mortuary chapel,
the coffin is borne up the aisle behind them.
  But when a long old man in a blanket overcoat,
his head tied up in a handkerchief and nearly his
entire face in a muffler, wearing green goggles and
with a complexion of glittering whiteness where it
could be seen, strode silently into the room, laying a
hard, gloved hand on Mr. Beeson's shoulder, the lat-
ter so far forgot himself as to look up with an ap-
pearance of no small astonishment; whomever he
may have been expecting, he had evidently not
counted on meeting anyone like this. Nevertheless,
the sight of this unexpected guest produced in Mr.
Beeson the following sequence: a feeling of aston-
ishment; a sense of gratification; a sentiment of pro-
found good will. Rising from his seat, he took the
knotty hand from his shoulder, and shook it up and
down with a fervour quite unaccountable; for in
the old man's aspect was nothing to attract, much to
repel. However, attraction is too general a property
for repulsion to be without it. The most attractive
object in the world is the face we instinctively cover
with a cloth. When it becomes still more attractive
--fascinating--we put seven feet of earth above it.
  'Sir,' said Mr. Beeson, releasing the old man's
hand, which fell passively against his thigh with a
quiet clack, 'it is an extremely disagreeable night.
Pray be seated; I am very glad to see you.'
  Mr. Beeson spoke with an easy good breeding
that one would hardly have expected, considering
all things. Indeed, the contrast between his appear-
ance and his manner was sufficiently surprising to be
one of the commonest of social phenomena in the
mines. The old man advanced a step toward the
fire, glowing cavernously in the green goggles. Mr.
Beeson resumed.
  'You bet your life I am!'
  Mr. Beeson's elegance was not too refined; it had
made reasonable concessions to local taste. He
paused a moment, letting his eyes drop from the
muffled head of his guest, down along the row of
mouldy buttons confining the blanket overcoat, to
the greenish cowhide boots powdered with snow,
which had begun to melt and run along the floor in
little rills. He took an inventory of his guest, and ap-
peared satisfied. Who would not have been? Then he
continued:
  'The cheer I can offer you is, unfortunately, in
keeping with my surroundings; but I shall esteem
myself highly favoured if it is your pleasure to
partake of it, rather than seek better at Bentley's
Flat.'
  With a singular refinement of hospitable humil-
ity Mr. Beeson spoke as if a sojourn in his warm
cabin on such a night, as compared with walking four-
teen miles up to the throat in snow with a cutting
crust, would be an intolerable hardship. By way of
reply, his guest unbuttoned the blanket overcoat.
The host laid fresh fuel on the fire, swept the hearth
with the tail of a wolf, and added:
  'But I think you'd better skedaddle.'
  The old man took a seat by the fire, spreading his
broad soles to the heat without removing his hat. In
the mines the hat is seldom removed except when
the boots are. Without further remark Mr. Beeson
also seated himself in a chair which had been a bar-
rel, and which, retaining much of its original char-
acter, seemed to have been designed with a view
to preserving his dust if it should please him to
crumble. For a moment there was silence; then, from
somewhere among the pines, came the snarling yelp
of a coyote; and simultaneously the door rattled in
its frame. There was no other connection between
the two incidents than that the coyote has an aver-
sion to storms, and the wind was rising; yet there
seemed somehow a kind of supernatural conspiracy
between the two, and Mr. Beeson shuddered with a
vague sense of terror. He recovered himself in a
moment and again addressed his guest.
  'There are strange doings here. I will tell you
everything, and then if you decide to go I shall hope
to accompany you over the worst of the way; as far
as where Baldy Peterson shot Ben Hike--I dare
say you know the place.'
  The old man nodded emphatically, as intimating
not merely that he did, but that he did indeed.
  'Two years ago,' began Mr. Beeson, 'I, with two
companions, occupied this house; but when the rush
to the Flat occurred we left, along with the rest.
In ten hours the gulch was deserted. That evening,
however, I discovered I had left behind me a val-
uable pistol (that is it) and returned for it, passing
the night here alone, as I have passed every night
since. I must explain that a few days before we left,
our Chinese domestic had the misfortune to die
while the ground was frozen so hard that it was im-
possible to dig a grave in the usual way. So, on the
day of our hasty departure, we cut through the floor
there, and gave him such burial as we could. But
before putting him down I had the extremely bad
taste to cut off his pigtail and spike it to that beam
above his grave, where you may see it at this mo-
ment, or, preferably, when warmth has given you
leisure for observation.
  'I stated, did I not, that the Chinaman came to
his death from natural causes? I had, of course, noth-
ing to do with that, and returned through no irresist-
ible attraction, or morbid fascination, but only be-
cause I had forgotten a pistol. That is clear to you,
is it not, sir?'
  The visitor nodded gravely. He appeared to be a
man of few words, if any. Mr. Beeson continued:
  'According to the Chinese faith, a man is like a
kite: he cannot go to heaven without a tail. Well, to
shorten this tedious story--which, however, I
thought it my duty to relate--on that night, while
I was here alone and thinking of anything but him,
that Chinaman came back for his pigtail.
  'He did not get it.'
  At this point Mr. Beeson relapsed into blank si-
lence. Perhaps he was fatigued by the unwonted
exercise of speaking; perhaps he had conjured up a
memory that demanded his undivided attention. The
wind was now fairly abroad, and the pines along
the mountainside sang with singular distinctness.
The narrator continued:
  'You say you do not see much in that, and I must
confess I do not myself.
  'But he keeps coming!'
  There was another long silence, during which both
stared into the fire without the movement of a limb.
Then Mr. Beeson broke out, almost fiercely, fixing
his eyes on what he could see of the impassive face of
his auditor:
  'Give it him? Sir, in this matter I have no inten-
tion of troubling anyone for advice. You will par-
don me, I am sure'--here he became singularly
persuasive--'but I have ventured to nail that pig-
tail fast, and have assumed that somewhat onerous
obligation of guarding it. So it is quite impossible to
act on your considerate suggestion.
  'Do you play me for a Modoc?'
  Nothing could exceed the sudden ferocity with
which he thrust this indignant remonstrance into
the ear of his guest. It was as if he had struck him on
the side of the head with a steel gauntlet. It was a
protest, but it was a challenge. To be mistaken for
a coward--to be played for a Modoc: these two ex-
pressions are one. Sometimes it is a Chinaman.
Do you play me for a Chinaman? is a question
frequently addressed to the ear of the suddenly
dead.
  Mr. Beeson's buffet produced no effect, and after
a moment's pause, during which the wind thundered
in the chimney like the sound of clods upon a coffin,
he resumed:
  'But, as you say, it is wearing me out. I feel
that the life of the last two years has been a mis-
take--a mistake that corrects itself; you see how.
The grave! No; there is no one to dig it. The ground
is frozen, too. But you are very welcome. You may
say at Bentley's--but that is not important. It
was very tough to cut; they braid silk into their pig-
tails. Kwaagh.'
  Mr. Beeson was speaking with his eyes shut, and
he wandered. His last word was a snore. A moment
later he drew a long breath, opened his eyes with
an effort, made a single remark, and fell into a deep
sleep. What he said was this:
  'They are swiping my dust!'
  Then the aged stranger, who had not uttered one
word since his arrival, arose from his seat and de-
liberately laid off his outer clothing, looking as
angular in his flannels as the late Signorina Festo-
razzi, an Irish woman, six feet in height, and weigh-
ing fifty-six pounds, who used to exhibit herself in
her chemise to the people of San Francisco. He then
crept into one of the 'bunks,' having first placed a
revolver in easy reach, according to the custom of
the country. This revolver he took from a shelf, and
it was the one which Mr. Beeson had mentioned as
that for which he had returned to the gulch two
years before.
  In a few moments Mr. Beeson awoke, and seeing
that his guest had retired he did likewise. But be-
fore doing so he approached the long, plaited wisp
of pagan hair and gave it a powerful tug, to assure
himself that it was fast and firm. The two beds--
mere shelves covered with blankets not overclean--
faced each other from opposite sides of the room,
the little square trap-door that had given access to
the Chinaman's grave being midway between. This,
by the way, was crossed by a double row of spike-
heads. In his resistance to the supernatural, Mr.
Beeson had not disdained the use of material
precautions.
  The fire was now low, the flames burning bluely
and petulantly, with occasional flashes, projecting
spectral shadows on the walls--shadows that
moved mysteriously about, now dividing, now unit-
ing. The shadow of the pendent queue, however, kept
moodily apart, near the roof at the farther end of
the room, looking like a note of admiration. The
song of the pines outside had now risen to the dignity
of a triumphal hymn. In the pauses the silence was
dreadful.
  It was during one of these intervals that the trap
in the floor began to lift. Slowly and steadily it rose,
and slowly and steadily rose the swaddled head of
the old man in the bunk to observe it. Then, with a
clap that shook the house to its foundation, it was
thrown clean back, where it lay with its unsightly
spikes pointing threateningly upward. Mr. Beeson
awoke, and without rising, pressed his fingers into
his eyes. He shuddered; his teeth chattered. His
guest was now reclining on one elbow, watching the
proceedings with the goggles that glowed like lamps.
  Suddenly a howling gust of wind swooped down
the chimney, scattering ashes and smoke in all di-
rections, for a moment obscuring everything. When
the fire-light again illuminated the room there was
seen, sitting gingerly on the edge of a stool by the
hearth-side, a swarthy little man of prepossessing
appearance and dressed with faultless taste, nodding
to the old man with a friendly and engaging smile.
  'From San Francisco, evidently,' thought Mr. Bee-
son, who having somewhat recovered from his fright
was groping his way to a solution of the evening's
events.
  But now another actor appeared upon the scene.
Out of the square black hole in the middle of the
floor protruded the head of the departed Chinaman,
his glassy eyes turned upward in their angular slits
and fastened on the dangling queue above with a
look of yearning unspeakable. Mr. Beeson groaned,
and again spread his hands upon his face. A mild
odour of opium pervaded the place. The phantom,
clad only in a short blue tunic quilted and silken but
covered with grave-mould, rose slowly, as if pushed
by a weak spiral spring. Its knees were at the level
of the floor, when with a quick upward impulse like
the silent leaping of a flame it grasped the queue
with both hands, drew up its body and took the tip
in its horrible yellow teeth. To this it clung in a
seeming frenzy, grimacing ghastly, surging and
plunging from side to side in its efforts to disengage
its property from the beam, but uttering no sound.
It was like a corpse artificially convulsed by means
of a galvanic battery. The contrast between its su-
perhuman activity and its silence was no less than
hideous!
  Mr. Beeson cowered in his bed. The swarthy lit-
tle gentleman uncrossed his legs, beat an impatient
tattoo with the toe of his boot and consulted a heavy
gold watch. The old man sat erect and quietly laid
hold of the revolver.
  Bang!
  Like a body cut from the gallows the Chinaman
plumped into the black hole below, carrying his tail
in his teeth. The trap-door turned over, shutting
down with a snap. The swarthy little gentleman
from San Francisco sprang nimbly from his perch,
caught something in the air with his hat, as a boy
catches a butterfly, and vanished into the chimney as
if drawn up by suction.
  From away somewhere in the outer darkness
floated in through the open door a faint, far cry--a
long, sobbing wail, as of a child death-strangled in
the desert, or a lost soul borne away by the Adver-
sary. It may have been the coyote.
  In the early days of the following spring a party
of miners on their way to new diggings passed along
the gulch, and straying through the deserted shanties
found in one of them the body of Hiram Beeson,
stretched upon a bunk, with a bullet hole through
the heart. The ball had evidently been fired from
the opposite side of the room, for in one of the oaken
beams overhead was a shallow blue dint, where it
had struck a knot and been deflected downward to
the breast of its victim. Strongly attached to the same
beam was what appeared to be an end of a rope of
braided horsehair, which had been cut by the bullet
in its passage to the knot. Nothing else of interest
was noted, excepting a suit of mouldy and incongru-
ous clothing, several articles of which were after-
ward identified by respectable witnesses as those in
which certain deceased citizen's of Deadman's had
been buried years before. But it is not easy to under-
stand how that could be, unless, indeed, the gar-
ments had been worn as a disguise by Death himself
--which is hardly credible.


BEYOND THE WALL

MANY years ago, on my way from Hong-Kong to
New York, I passed a week in San Francisco. A long
time had gone by since I had been in that city, dur-
ing which my ventures in the Orient had prospered
beyond my hope; I was rich and could afford to re-
visit my own country to renew my friendship with
such of the companions of my youth as still lived
and remembered me with the old affection. Chief of
these, I hoped, was Mohun Dampier, an old school
mate with whom I had held a desultory correspond-
ence which had long ceased, as is the way of cor-
respondence between men. You may have observed
that the indisposition to write a merely social letter
is in the ratio of the square of the distance between
you and your correspondent. It is a law.
  I remembered Dampier as a handsome, strong
young fellow of scholarly tastes, with an aversion to
work and a marked indifference to many of the things
that the world cares for, including wealth, of which,
however, he had inherited enough to put him beyond
the reach of want. In his family, one of the oldest and
most aristocratic in the country, it was, I think, a
matter of pride that no member of it had ever been
in trade nor politics, nor suffered any kind of dis-
tinction. Mohun was a trifle sentimental, and had in
him a singular element of superstition, which led him
to the study of all manner of occult subjects, al-
though his sane mental health safeguarded him
against fantastic and perilous faiths. He made daring
incursions into the realm of the unreal without re-
nouncing his residence in the partly surveyed and
uncharted region of what we are pleased to call
certitude.
  The night of my visit to him was stormy. The
Californian winter was on, and the incessant rain
plashed in the deserted streets, or, lifted by irregular
gusts of wind, was hurled against the houses with
incredible fury. With no small difficulty my cabman
found the right place, away out toward the ocean
beach, in a sparsely populated suburb. The dwelling,
a rather ugly one, apparently, stood in the centre
of its grounds, which as nearly as I could make out
in the gloom were destitute of either flowers or grass.
Three or four trees, writhing and moaning in the
torment of the tempest, appeared to be trying to
escape from their dismal environment and take the 
chance of finding a better one out at sea. The house
was a two-story brick structure with a tower, a story
higher, at one corner. In a window of that was the 
only visible light. Something in the appearance of
the place made me shudder, a performance that
may have been assisted by a rill of rain-water down 
my back as I scuttled to cover in the doorway.
  In answer to my note apprising him of my wish
to call, Dampier had written, 'Don't ring--open the
door and come up.' I did so. The staircase was dimly
lighted by a single gas-jet at the top of the second
flight. I managed to reach the landing without dis-
aster and entered by an open door into the lighted
square room of the tower. Dampier came forward
in gown and slippers to receive me, giving me the
greeting that I wished, and if I had held a thought
that it might more fitly have been accorded me at
the front door the first look at him dispelled any
sense of his inhospitality.
  He was not the same. Hardly past middle age, he
had gone grey and had acquired a pronounced stoop.
His figure was thin and angular, his face deeply
lined, his complexion dead-white, without a touch
of colour. His eyes, unnaturally large, glowed with
a fire that was almost uncanny.
  He seated me, proffered a cigar, and with grave
and obvious sincerity assured me of the pleasure
that it gave him to meet me. Some unimportant
conversation followed, but all the while I was dom-
inated by a melancholy sense of the great change
in him. This he must have perceived, for he sud-
denly said with a bright enough smile, 'You are
disappointed in me--non sum qualis eram.'
  I hardly knew what to reply, but managed to
say: 'Why, really, I don't know: your Latin is about
the same.'
  He brightened again. 'No,' he said, 'being a dead
language, it grows in appropriateness. But please
have the patience to wait: where I am going there
is perhaps a better tongue. Will you care to have a
message in it?'
  The smile faded as he spoke, and as he concluded
he was looking into my eyes with a gravity that
distressed me. Yet I would not surrender myself to
his mood, nor permit him to see how deeply his
prescience of death affected me.
  'I fancy that it will be long,' I said, 'before hu-
man speech will cease to serve our need; and then
the need, with its possibilities of service, will have
passed.'
  He made no reply, and I too was silent, for the
talk had taken a dispiriting turn, yet I knew not
how to give it a more agreeable character. Suddenly,
in a pause of the storm, when the dead silence was
almost startling by contrast with the previous up-
roar, I heard a gentle tapping, which appeared to
come from the wall behind my chair. The sound was
such as might have been made by a human hand,
not as upon a door by one asking admittance, but
rather, I thought, as an agreed signal, an assurance
of some one's presence in an adjoining room; most
of us, I fancy, have had more experience of such
communications than we should care to relate. I
glanced at Dampier. If possibly there was some-
thing of amusement in the look he did not observe it.
He appeared to have forgotten my presence, and
was staring at the wall behind me with an expression
in his eyes that I am unable to name, although my
memory of it is as vivid to-day as was my sense of
it then. The situation was embarrassing; I rose to
take my leave. At this he seemed to recover himself.
  'Please be seated,' he said; 'it is nothing--no
one is there.'
  But the tapping was repeated, and with the same
gentle, slow insistence as before.
  'Pardon me,' I said, 'it is late. May I call to-
morrow?'
  He smiled--a little mechanically, I thought. 'It
is very delicate of you,' said he, 'but quite need-
less. Really, this is the only room in the tower, and
no one is there. At least--' He left the sentence
incomplete, rose, and threw up a window, the only
opening in the wall from which the sound seemed to
come. 'See.'
  Not clearly knowing what else to do I followed
him to the window and looked out. A street-lamp
some little distance away gave enough light through
the murk of the rain that was again falling in tor-
rents to make it entirely plain that 'no one was
there.' In truth there was nothing but the sheer
blank wall of the tower.
  Dampier closed the window and signing me to
my seat resumed his own.
  The incident was not in itself particularly mys-
terious; any one of a dozen explanations was pos-
sible (though none has occurred to me), yet it im-
pressed me strangely, the more, perhaps, from my
friend's effort to reassure me, which seemed to dig-
nify it with a certain significance and importance.
He had proved that no one was there, but in that fact
lay all the interest; and he proffered no explana-
tion. His silence was irritating and made me
resentful.
  'My good friend,' I said, somewhat ironically, I
fear, 'I am not disposed to question your right to
harbour as many spooks as you find agreeable to
your taste and consistent with your notions of com-
panionship; that is no business of mine. But being
just a plain man of affairs, mostly of this world, I
find spooks needless to my peace and comfort. I am
going to my hotel, where my fellow-guests are still
in the flesh.'
  It was not a very civil speech, but he manifested
no feeling about it. 'Kindly remain,' he said. 'I am
grateful for your presence here. What you have
heard to-night I believe myself to have heard twice
before. Now I know it was no illusion. That is much
to me--more than you know. Have a fresh cigar
and a good stock of patience while I tell you the
story.'
  The rain was now falling more steadily, with a
low, monotonous susurration, interrupted at long
intervals by the sudden slashing of the boughs of
the trees as the wind rose and failed. The night was
well advanced, but both sympathy and curiosity held
me a willing listener to my friend's monologue,
which I did not interrupt by a single word from be-
ginning to end.
  'Ten years ago,' he said, 'I occupied a ground-
floor apartment in one of a row of houses, all alike,
away at the other end of the town, on what we call
Rincon Hill. This had been the best quarter of San
Francisco, but had fallen into neglect and decay,
partly because the primitive character of its domes-
tic architecture no longer suited the maturing tastes
of our wealthy citizens, partly because certain pub-
lic improvements had made a wreck of it. The row
of dwellings in one of which I lived stood a little
way back from the street, each having a miniature
garden, separated from its neighbours by low iron
fences and bisected with mathematical precision by
a box-bordered gravel walk from gate to door.
  'One morning as I was leaving my lodging I ob-
served a young girl entering the adjoining garden
on the left. It was a warm day in June, and she was
lightly gowned in white. From her shoulders hung
a broad straw hat profusely decorated with flowers
and wonderfully beribboned in the fashion of the
time. My attention was not long held by the exqui-
site simplicity of her costume, for no one could look
at her face and think of anything earthly. Do not
fear; I shall not profane it by description; it was
beautiful exceedingly. All that I had ever seen or
dreamed of loveliness was in that matchless living
picture by the hand of the Divine Artist. So deeply
did it move me that, without a thought of the im-
propriety of the act, I unconsciously bared my head,
as a devout Catholic or well-bred Protestant un-
covers before an image of the Blessed Virgin. The
maiden showed no displeasure; she merely turned
her glorious dark eyes upon me with a look that
made me catch my breath, and without other recog-
nition of my act passed into the house. For a
moment I stood motionless, hat in hand, painfully
conscious of my rudeness, yet so dominated by the
emotion inspired by that vision of incomparable
beauty that my penitence was less poignant than it
should have been. Then I went my way, leaving my
heart behind. In the natural course of things I should
probably have remained away until nightfall, but by
the middle of the afternoon I was back in the little
garden, affecting an interest in the few foolish
flowers that I had never before observed. My hope
was vain; she did not appear.
  'To a night of unrest succeeded a day of expec-
tation and disappointment, but on the day after, as
I wandered aimlessly about the neighbourhood, I
met her. Of course I did not repeat my folly of un-
covering, nor venture by even so much as too long
a look to manifest an interest in her; yet my heart
was beating audibly. I trembled and consciously
coloured as she turned her big black eyes upon me
with a look of obvious recognition entirely devoid of
boldness or coquetry.
  'I will not weary you with particulars; many
times afterward I met the maiden, yet never either
addressed her or sought to fix her attention. Nor did
I take any action toward making her acquaintance.
Perhaps my forbearance, requiring so supreme an
effort of self-denial, will not be entirely clear to you.
That I was heels over head in love is true, but who
can overcome his habit of thought, or reconstruct his
character?
  'I was what some foolish persons are pleased to
call, and others, more foolish, are pleased to be
called--an aristocrat; and despite her beauty, her
charms and grace, the girl was not of my class. I
had learned her name--which it is needless to
speak--and something of her family. She was an
orphan, a dependent niece of the impossible elderly
fat woman in whose lodging-house she lived. My in-
come was small and I lacked the talent for marry-
ing; it is perhaps a gift. An alliance with that fam-
ily would condemn me to its manner of life, part
me from my books and studies, and in a social sense
reduce me to the ranks. It is easy to deprecate such
considerations as these and I have not retained my-
self for the defence. Let judgment be entered against
me, but in strict justice all my ancestors for genera-
tions should be made co-defendants and I be per-
mitted to plead in mitigation of punishment the
imperious mandate of heredity. To a mesalliance of
that kind every globule of my ancestral blood spoke
in opposition. In brief, my tastes, habits, instinct,
with whatever of reason my love had left me--all
fought against it. Moreover, I was an irreclaimable
sentimentalist, and found a subtle charm in an im-
personal and spiritual relation which acquaintance
might vulgarize and marriage would certainly dis-
pel. No woman, I argued, is what this lovely creature
seems. Love is a delicious dream; why should I
bring about my own awakening?
  'The course dictated by all this sense and senti-
ment was obvious. Honour, pride, prudence, preser-
vation of my ideals--all commanded me to go
away, but for that I was too weak. The utmost that
I could do by a mighty effort of will was to cease
meeting the girl, and that I did. I even avoided the
chance encounters of the garden, leaving my lodg-
ing only when I knew that she had gone to her music
lessons, and returning after nightfall. Yet all the
while I was as one in a trance, indulging the most
fascinating fancies and ordering my entire in-
tellectual life in accordance with my dream. Ah, my
friend, as one whose actions have a traceable rela-
tion to reason, you cannot know the fool's paradise
in which I lived.
  'One evening the devil put it into my head to be
an unspeakable idiot. By apparently careless and
purposeless questioning I learned from my gossipy
landlady that the young woman's bedroom adjoined
my own, a party-wall between. Yielding to a sudden
and coarse impulse I gently rapped on the wall.
There was no response, naturally, but I was in no
mood to accept a rebuke. A madness was upon me
and I repeated the folly, the offence, but again in-
effectually, and I had the decency to desist.
  'An hour later, while absorbed in some of my in-
fernal studies, I heard, or thought I heard, my signal
answered. Flinging down my books I sprang to the
wall and as steadily as my beating heart would per-
mit gave three slow taps upon it. This time the re-
sponse was distinct, unmistakable: one, two, three
--an exact repetition of my signal. That was all I
could elicit, but it was enough--too much.
  'The next evening, and for many evenings after-
ward, that folly went on, I always having "the last
word." During the whole period I was deliriously
happy, but with the perversity of my nature I per-
severed in my resolution not to see her. Then, as I
should have expected, I got no further answers.
"She is disgusted," I said to myself, "with what
she thinks my timidity in making no more definite
advances"; and I resolved to seek her and make her
acquaintance and--what? I did not know, nor do
I now know, what might have come of it. I know
only that I passed days and days trying to meet
her, and all in vain; she was invisible as well as in-
audible. I haunted the streets where we had met,
but she did not come. From my window I watched
the garden in front of her house, but she passed
neither in nor out. I fell into the deepest dejection,
believing that she had gone away, yet took no steps
to resolve my doubt by inquiry of my landlady, to
whom, indeed, I had taken an unconquerable aver-
sion from her having once spoken of the girl with
less of reverence than I thought befitting.
  'There came a fateful night. Worn out with emo-
tion, irresolution and despondency, I had retired
early and fallen into such sleep as was still possible
to me. In the middle of the night something--some
malign power bent upon the wrecking of my peace
for ever--caused me to open my eyes and sit up,
wide awake and listening intently for I knew not
what. Then I thought I heard a faint tapping on the
wall--the mere ghost of the familiar signal. In a
few moments it was repeated: one, two, three--no
louder than before, but addressing a sense alert and
strained to receive it. I was about to reply when the
Adversary of Peace again intervened in my affairs
with a rascally suggestion of retaliation. She had
long and cruelly ignored me; now I would ignore
her. Incredible fatuity--may God forgive it ! All
the rest of the night I lay awake, fortifying
my obstinacy with shameless justifications and--
listening.
  'Late the next morning, as I was leaving the
house, I met my landlady, entering.
  '"Good morning, Mr. Dampier," she said. "Have
you heard the news?"
  'I replied in words that I had heard no news; in
manner, that I did not care to hear any. The manner
escaped her observation.
  '"About the sick young lady next door," she
babbled on. "What! you did not know? Why, she
has been ill for weeks. And now--"
  'I almost sprang upon her. "And now," I cried,
"now what?"
  '"She is dead."
  'That is not the whole story. In the middle of the
night, as I learned later, the patient, awakening
from a long stupor after a week of delirium, had
asked--it was her last utterance--that her bed be
moved to the opposite side of the room. Those in
attendance had thought the request a vagary of her
delirium, but had complied. And there the poor pass-
ing soul had exerted its failing will to restore a
broken connection--a golden thread of sentiment
between its innocence and a monstrous baseness
owning a blind, brutal allegiance to the Law of
Self.
  'What reparation could I make? Are there masses
that can be said for the repose of souls that are
abroad such nights as this--spirits "blown about
by the viewless winds"--coming in the storm and
darkness with signs and portents, hints of memory
and presages of doom?
  'This is the third visitation. On the first occasion
I was too sceptical to do more than verify by natural
methods the character of the incident; on the sec-
ond, I responded to the signal after it had been
several times repeated, but without result. To-night's
recurrence completes the "fatal triad" expounded
by Parapelius Necromantius. There is no more to
tell.'
  When Dampier had finished his story I could
think of nothing relevant that I cared to say, and
to question him would have been a hideous imperti-
nence. I rose and bade him good night in a way to
convey to him a sense of my sympathy, which he
silently acknowledged by a pressure of the hand.
That night, alone with his sorrow and remorse, he
passed into the Unknown.


A PSYCHOLOGICAL SHIPWRECK

IN the summer of 1874 I was in Liverpool, whither
I had gone on business for the mercantile house of
Bronson & Jarrett, New York. I am William Jarrett;
my partner was Zenas Bronson. The firm failed last
year, and unable to endure the fall from affluence to
poverty he died.
  Having finished my business, and feeling the lassi-
tude and exhaustion incident to its dispatch, I felt
that a protracted sea voyage would be both agree-
able and beneficial, so instead of embarking for my
return on one of the many fine passenger steamers
I booked for New York on the sailing vessel Mor-
row, upon which I had shipped a large and valuable
invoice of the goods I had bought. The Morrow was
an English ship with, of course, but little accommo-
dation for passengers, of whom there were only
myself, a young woman and her servant, who was
a middle-aged negress. I thought it singular that a
travelling English girl should be so attended, but
she afterward explained to me that the woman had
been left with her family by a man and his wife
from South Carolina, both of whom had died on
the same day at the house of the young lady's father
in Devonshire--a circumstance in itself sufficiently
uncommon to remain rather distinctly in my mem-
ory, even had it not afterward transpired in conver-
sation with the young lady that the name of the
man was William Jarrett, the same as my own. I
knew that a branch of my family had settled in
South Carolina, but of them and their history I was
ignorant.
  The Morrow sailed from the mouth of the Mersey
on the 15th of June, and for several weeks we had
fair breezes and unclouded skies. The skipper, an
admirable seaman but nothing more, favoured us
with very little of his society, except at his table; and
the young woman, Miss Janette Harford, and I be-
came very well acquainted. We were, in truth, nearly
always together, and being of an introspective turn
of mind I often endeavoured to analyse and define
the novel feeling with which she inspired me--a
secret, subtle, but powerful attraction which con-
stantly impelled me to seek her; but the attempt was
hopeless. I could only be sure that at least it was
not love. Having assured myself of this and being
certain that she was quite as whole-hearted, I ven-
tured one evening (I remember it was on the 3rd
of July) as we sat on deck to ask her, laughingly,
if she could assist me to resolve my psychological
doubt.
  For a moment she was silent, with averted face,
and I began to fear I had been extremely rude and
indelicate; then she fixed her eyes gravely on my
own. In an instant my mind was dominated by as
strange a fancy as ever entered human conscious-
ness It seemed as if she were looking at me, not
with, but through, those eyes--from an immeas-
urable distance behind them--and that a number
of other persons, men, women and children, upon
whose faces I caught strangely familiar evanescent
expressions, clustered about her, struggling with gen-
tle eagerness to look at me through the same orbs.
Ship, ocean, sky--all had vanished. I was conscious
of nothing but the figures in this extraordinary and
fantastic scene. Then all at once darkness fell upon
me, and anon from out of it, as to one who grows
accustomed by degrees to a dimmer light, my former
surroundings of deck and mast and cordage slowly
resolved themselves. Miss Harford had closed her
eyes and was leaning back in her chair, apparently
asleep, the book she had been reading open in her
lap. Impelled by surely I cannot say what motive,
I glanced at the top of the page; it was a copy of
that rare and curious work, Denneker's Meditations,
and the lady's index finger rested on this passage:
  'To sundry it is given to be drawn away, and to
be apart from the body for a season; for, as concern-
ing rills which would flow across each other the
weaker is borne along by the stronger, so there be
certain of kin whose paths intersecting, their souls
do bear company, the while their bodies go fore-
appointed ways, unknowing.'

  Miss Harford arose, shuddering; the sun had
sunk below the horizon, but it was not cold. There
was not a breath of wind; there were no clouds in the
sky, yet not a star was visible. A hurried tramp-
ing sounded on the deck; the captain, summoned
from below, joined the first officer, who stood look-
ing at the barometer. 'Good God!' I heard him
exclaim.
  An hour later the form of Janette Harford, invis-
ible in the darkness and spray, was torn from my
grasp by the cruel vortex of the sinking ship, and I
fainted in the cordage of the floating mast to which
I had lashed myself.
  It was by lamplight that I awoke. I lay in a berth
amid the familiar surroundings of the state-room of
a steamer. On a couch opposite sat a man, half un-
dressed for bed, reading a book. I recognized the
face of my friend Gordon Doyle, whom I had met
in Liverpool on the day of my embarkation, when he
was himself about to sail on the steamer City of
Prague, on which he had urged me to accompany
him.
  After some moments I now spoke his name. He
simply said, 'Well,' and turned a leaf in his book
without removing his eyes from the page.
  'Doyle,' I repeated, 'did they save her? '
  He now deigned to look at me and smiled as if
amused. He evidently thought me but half awake.
  'Her? Whom do you mean?'
  'Janette Harford.'
  His amusement turned to amazement; he stared
at me fixedly, saying nothing.
  'You will tell me after awhile,' I continued; 'I
suppose you will tell me after awhile.'
  A moment later I asked: 'What ship is this? '
Doyle stared again. 'The steamer City of Prague,
bound from Liverpool to New York, three weeks out
with a broken shaft. Principal passenger, Mr. Gor-
don Doyle; ditto lunatic, Mr. William Jarrett. These
two distinguished travellers embarked together,
but they are about to part, it being the resolute
intention of the former to pitch the latter over-
board.'
  I sat bolt upright. 'Do you mean to say that I
have been for three weeks a passenger on this
steamer?'
  'Yes, pretty nearly; this is the 3rd of July.'
  'Have I been ill? '
  'Right as a trivet all the time, and punctual at
your meals.'
  'My God! Doyle, there is some mystery here; do
have the goodness to be serious. Was I not rescued
from the wreck of the ship Morrow?'
  Doyle changed colour, and approaching me, laid
his fingers on my wrist. A moment later, 'What do
you know of Janette Harford?' he asked very
calmly.
  'First tell me what you know of her?'
  Mr. Doyle gazed at me for some moments as if
thinking what to do, then seating himself again on
the couch, said:
  'Why should I not? I am engaged to marry
Janette Harford, whom I met a year ago in London.
Her family, one of the wealthiest in Devonshire, cut
up rough about it, and we eloped--are eloping
rather, for on the day that you and I walked to the
landing stage to go aboard this steamer she and her
faithful servant, a negress, passed us, driving to the
ship Morrow. She would not consent to go in the
same vessel with me, and it had been deemed best
that she take a sailing vessel in order to avoid obser-
vation and lessen the risk of detection. I am now
alarmed lest this cursed breaking of our machinery
may detain us so long that the Morrow will get to
New York before us, and the poor girl will not know
where to go.'
  I lay still in my berth--so still I hardly breathed.
But the subject was evidently not displeasing to
Doyle, and after a short pause he resumed:
  'By the way, she is only an adopted daughter of
the Harfords. Her mother was killed at their place
by being thrown from a horse while hunting, and her
father, mad with grief, made away with himself the
same day. No one ever claimed the child, and after
a reasonable time they adopted her. She has grown
up in the belief that she is their daughter.'
  'Doyle, what book are you reading? '
  'Oh, it's called Denneker's Meditations. It's a rum
lot, Janette gave it to me; she happened to have
two copies. Want to see it?'
  He tossed me the volume, which opened as it fell.
On one of the exposed pages was a marked passage:

  'To sundry it is given to be drawn away, and to
be apart from the body for a season; for, as concern-
ing rills which would flow across each other the
weaker is borne along by the stronger, so there be
certain of kin whose paths intersecting, their souls do
bear company, the while their bodies go fore-
appointed ways, unknowing.'

  'She had--she has--a singular taste in reading,'
I managed to say, mastering my agitation.
  'Yes. And now perhaps you will have the kind-
ness to explain how you knew her name and that of
the ship she sailed in.'
  'You talked of her in your sleep,' I said.
  A week later we were towed into the port of New
York. But the Morrow was never heard from.


THE MIDDLE TOE OF THE RIGHT FOOT

		1

IT is well known that the old Manton house is
haunted. In all the rural district near about, and
even in the town of Marshall, a mile away, not one
person of unbiased mind entertains a doubt of it;
incredulity is confined to those opinionated persons
who will be called 'cranks' as soon as the useful
word shall have penetrated the intellectual demesne
of the Marshall Advance. The evidence that the
house is haunted is of two kinds: the testimony of
disinterested witnesses who have had ocular proof,
and that of the house itself. The former may be
disregarded and ruled out on any of the various
grounds of objection which may be urged against it
by the ingenious; but facts within the observation of
all are material and controlling.
  In the first place, the Manton house has been un-
occupied by mortals for more than ten years, and
with its outbuildings is slowly falling into decay--
a circumstance which in itself the judicious will
hardly venture to ignore. It stands a little way off the
loneliest reach of the Marshall and Harriston road,
in an opening which was once a farm and is still dis-
figured with strips of rotting fence and half covered
with brambles overrunning a stony and sterile soil
long unacquainted with the plough. The house it-
self is in tolerably good condition, though badly
weather-stained and in dire need of attention from
the glazier, the smaller male population of the
region having attested in the manner of its kind its
disapproval of dwelling without dwellers. It is two
stories in height, nearly square, its front pierced by
a single doorway flanked on each side by a window
boarded up to the very top. Corresponding windows
above, not protected, serve to admit light and rain
to the rooms of the upper floor. Grass and weeds
grow pretty rankly all about, and a few shade trees,
somewhat the worse for wind, and leaning all in one
direction, seem to be making a concerted effort to
run away. In short, as the Marshall town humorist
explained in the columns of the Advance, 'the prop-
osition that the Manton house is badly haunted is
the only logical conclusion from the premises.' The
fact that in this dwelling Mr. Manton thought it
expedient one night some ten years ago to rise and
cut the throats of his wife and two small children,
removing at once to another part of the country, has
no doubt done its share in directing public attention
to the fitness of the place for supernatural phe-
nomena.
  To this house, one summer evening, came four
men in a wagon. Three of them promptly alighted,
and the one who had been driving hitched the team
to the only remaining post of what had been a fence.
The fourth remained seated in the wagon. 'Come,'
said one of his companions, approaching him, while
the others moved away in the direction of the dwell-
ing--'this is the place.'
  The man addressed did not move. 'By God!' he
said harshly, 'this is a trick, and it looks to me as
if you were in it.'
  'Perhaps I am,' the other said, looking him
straight in the face and speaking in a tone which had
something of contempt in it. 'You will remember,
however, that the choice of place was with your own
assent left to the other side. Of course if you are
afraid of spooks--'
  'I am afraid of nothing,' the man interrupted with
another oath, and sprang to the ground. The two
then joined the others at the door, which one of
them had already opened with some difficulty, caused
by rust of lock and hinge. All entered. Inside it was
dark, but the man who had unlocked the door pro-
duced a candle and matches and made a light. He
then unlocked a door on their right as they stood in
the passage. This gave them entrance to a large,
square room that the candle but dimly lighted. The
floor had a thick carpeting of dust, which partly muf-
fled their footfalls. Cobwebs were in the angles of
the walls and depended from the ceiling like strips
of rotting lace, making undulatory movements in the
disturbed air. The room had two windows in adjoin-
ing sides, but from neither could anything be seen
except the rough inner surfaces of boards a few
inches from the glass. There was no fireplace, no
furniture; there was nothing: besides the cobwebs
and the dust, the four men were the only objects
there which were not a part of the structure.
  Strange enough they looked in the yellow light
of the candle. The one who had so reluctantly
alighted was especially spectacular--he might have
been called sensational. He was of middle age,
heavily built, deep-chested and broad-shouldered.
Looking at his figure, one would have said that he
had a giant's strength; at his features, that he
would use it like a giant. He was clean-shaven, his
hair rather closely cropped and grey. His low fore-
head was seamed with wrinkles above the eyes, and
over the nose these became vertical. The heavy black
brows followed the same law, saved from meeting
only by an upward turn at what would otherwise
have been the point of contact. Deeply sunken be-
neath these glowed in the obscure light a pair of
eyes of uncertain colour, but obviously enough too
small. There was something forbidding in their ex-
pression, which was not bettered by the cruel mouth
and wide jaw. The nose was well enough, as noses
go; one does not expect much of noses. All that was
sinister in the man's face seemed accentuated by an
unnatural pallor--he appeared altogether bloodless.
  The appearance of the other men was sufficiently
commonplace: they were such persons as one meets
and forgets that he met. All were younger than
the man described, between whom and the eldest
of the others, who stood apart, there was apparently
no kindly feeling. They avoided looking at each
other.
  'Gentlemen,' said the man holding the candle and
keys,' I believe everything is right. Are you ready,
Mr. Rosser?'
  The man standing apart from the group bowed
and smiled.
  'And you, Mr. Grossmith?'
  The heavy man bowed and scowled.
  'You will be pleased to remove your outer
clothing.'
  Their hats, coats, waistcoats and neckwear were
soon removed and thrown outside the door, in the
passage. The man with the candle now nodded, and
the fourth man--he who had urged Grossmith to
leave the wagon--produced from the pocket of
his overcoat two long, murderous-looking bowie-
knives, which he drew now from their leather
scabbards.
  'They are exactly alike,' he said, presenting one
to each of the two principals--for by this time
the dullest observer would have understood the
nature of this meeting. It was to be a duel to the
death.
  Each combatant took a knife, examined it criti-
cally near the candle and tested the strength of
blade and handle across his lifted knee. Their per-
sons were then searched in turn, each by the second
of the other.
  'If it is agreeable to you, Mr. Grossmith,' said the
man holding the light,' you will place yourself in
that corner.'
  He indicated the angle of the room farthest from
the door, whither Grossmith retired, his second part-
ing from him with a grasp of the hand which had
nothing of cordiality in it. In the angle nearest the
door Mr. Rosser stationed himself, and after a
whispered consultation his second left him, joining
the other near the door. At that moment the candle
was suddenly extinguished, leaving all in profound
darkness. This may have been done by the draught
from the opened door; whatever the cause, the effect
was startling.
  'Gentlemen,' said a voice which sounded strangely
unfamiliar in the altered condition affecting the
relations of the senses--'gentlemen, you will not
move until you hear the closing of the outer door.'
  A sound of trampling ensued, then the closing
of the inner door; and finally the outer one closed
with a concussion which shook the entire building.
  A few minutes afterward a belated farmer's boy
met a light wagon which was being driven furiously
toward the town of Marshall. He declared that be-
hind the two figures on the front seat stood a third,
with its hands upon the bowed shoulders of the
others, who appeared to struggle vainly to free
themselves from its grasp. This figure, unlike the
others, was clad in white, and had undoubtedly
boarded the wagon as it passed the haunted house.
As the lad could boast a considerable former expe-
rience with the supernatural thereabouts his word
had the weight justly due to the testimony of an
expert. The story (in connection with the next day's
events) eventually appeared in the Advance, with
some slight literary embellishments and a concluding
intimation that the gentlemen referred to would be
allowed the use of the paper's columns for their
version of the night's adventure. But the privilege
remained without a claimant.

		2

  The events that led up to this 'duel in the dark'
were simple enough. One evening three young men
of the town of Marshall were sitting in a quiet corner
of the porch of the village hotel, smoking and dis-
cussing such matters as three educated young men
of a Southern village would naturally find interesting.
Their names were King, Sancher and Rosser. At a
little distance, within easy hearing, but taking no
part in the conversation, sat a fourth. He was a
stranger to the others. They merely knew that on his
arrival by the stage-coach that afternoon he had
written in the hotel register the name Robert
Grossmith. He had not been observed to speak to
anyone except the hotel clerk. He seemed, indeed,
singularly fond of his own company--or, as the
personnel of the Advance expressed it, 'grossly ad-
dicted to evil associations.' But then it should be
said in justice to the stranger that the personnel
was himself of a too convivial disposition fairly
to judge one differently gifted, and had, moreover,
experienced a slight rebuff in an effort at an
'interview.'
  'I hate any kind of deformity in a woman,' said
King, 'whether natural or--acquired. I have a
theory that any physical defect has its correlative
mental and moral defect.'
  'I infer, then,' said Rosser gravely, 'that a
lady lacking the moral advantage of a nose would
find the struggle to become Mrs. King an arduous
enterprise.'
  'Of course you may put it that way,' was the re-
ply; 'but, seriously, I once threw over a most
charming girl on learning quite accidentally that
she had suffered amputation of a toe. My conduct
was brutal if you like, but if I had married that girl
I should have been miserable for life and should
have made her so.'
  'Whereas,' said Sancher, with a light laugh, 'by
marrying a gentleman of more liberal views she
escaped with a parted throat.'
  'Ah, you know to whom I refer. Yes, she married
Manton, but I don't know about his liberality; I'm
not sure but he cut her throat because he discovered
that she lacked that excellent thing in woman, the
middle toe of the right foot.'
  'Look at that chap!' said Rosser in a low voice,
his eyes fixed upon the stranger.
  'That chap' was obviously listening intently to
the conversation.
  'Damn his impudence!' muttered King--' what
ought we to do?'
  'That's an easy one,' Rosser replied, rising. 'Sir,'
he continued, addressing the stranger, 'I think it
would be better if you would remove your chair to
the other end of the veranda. The presence of gentle-
men is evidently an unfamiliar situation to you.'
  The man sprang to his feet and strode forward
with clenched hands, his face white with rage. All
were now standing. Sancher stepped between the
belligerents.
  'You are hasty and unjust,' he said to Rosser;
'this gentleman has done nothing to deserve such
language.'
  But Rosser would not withdraw a word. By the
custom of the country and the time there could be
but one outcome to the quarrel.
  'I demand the satisfaction due to a gentleman,'
said the stranger, who had become more calm. 'I
have not an acquaintance in this region. Perhaps
you, sir,' bowing to Sancher, 'will be kind enough
to represent me in this matter.'
  Sancher accepted the trust--somewhat reluc-
tantly it must be confessed, for the man's appear-
ance and manner were not at all to his liking. King,
who during the colloquy had hardly removed his
eyes from the stranger's face and had not spoken
a word, consented with a nod to act for Rosser, and
the upshot of it was that, the principals having
retired, a meeting was arranged for the next evening.
The nature of the arrangements has been already
disclosed. The duel with knives in a dark room
was once a commoner feature of south-western
life than it is likely to be again. How thin a veneering
of 'chivalry' covered the essential brutality of the
code under which such encounters were possible we
shall see.

		3

  In the blaze of a midsummer noonday the old
Manton house was hardly true to its traditions. It
was of the earth, earthy. The sunshine caressed it
warmly and affectionately, with evident disregard
of its bad reputation. The grass greening all the
expanse in its front seemed to grow, not rankly, but
with a natural and joyous exuberance, and the weeds
blossomed quite like plants. Full of charming lights
and shadows and populous with pleasant-voiced
birds, the neglected shade trees no longer struggled
to run away, but bent reverently beneath their bur-
den of sun and song. Even in the glassless upper
windows was an expression of peace and content-
ment, due to the light within. Over the stony fields
the visible heat danced with a lively tremor incom-
patible with the gravity which is an attribute of the
supernatural.
  Such was the aspect under which the place pre-
sented itself to Sheriff Adams and two other men
who had come out from Marshall to look at it. One
of these men was Mr. King, the sheriff's deputy;
the other, whose name was Brewer, was a brother
of the late Mrs. Manton. Under a beneficent law of
the State relating to property which had been for
a certain period abandoned by an owner whose
residence cannot be ascertained, the sheriff was legal
custodian of the Manton farm and appurtenances
thereunto belonging. His present visit was in mere
perfunctory compliance with some order of a court
in which Mr. Brewer had an action to get possession
of the property as heir to his deceased sister. By a
mere coincidence, the visit was made on the day
after the night that Deputy King had unlocked the
house for another and very different purpose. His
presence now was not of his own choosing: he
had been ordered to accompany his superior, and
at the moment could think of nothing more pru-
dent than simulated alacrity in obedience to the
command.
  Carelessly opening the front door, which to his
surprise was not locked, the sheriff was amazed to
see, lying on the floor of the passage into which it
opened, a confused heap of men's apparel. Exam-
ination showed it to consist of two hats, and the
same number of coats, waistcoats and scarves, all
in a remarkably good state of preservation, albeit
somewhat defiled by the dust in which they lay.
Mr. Brewer was equally astonished, but Mr. King's
emotion is not on record. With a new and lively
interest in his own actions the sheriff now unlatched
and pushed open the door on the right, and the three
entered. The room was apparently vacant--no;
as their eyes became accustomed to the dimmer
light something was visible in the farthest angle of
the wall. It was a human figure--that of a man
crouching close in the corner. Something in the atti-
tude made the intruders halt when they had barely
passed the threshold. The figure more and more
clearly defined itself. The man was upon one knee,
his back in the angle of the wall, his shoulders
elevated to the level of his ears, his hands before his
face, palms outward, the fingers spread and crooked
like claws; the white face turned upward on the
retracted neck had an expression of unutterable
fright, the mouth half open, the eyes incredibly
expanded. He was stone dead. Yet, with the excep-
tion of a bowie-knife, which had evidently fallen
from his own hand, not another object was in the
room.
  In thick dust that covered the floor were some
confused footprints near the door and along the
wall through which it opened. Along one of the ad-
joining walls, too, past the boarded-up windows,
was the trail made by the man himself in reaching
his corner. Instinctively in approaching the body the
three men followed that trail. The sheriff grasped
one of the out-thrown arms; it was as rigid as iron,
and the application of a gentle force rocked the en-
tire body without altering the relation of its parts.
Brewer, pale with excitement, gazed intently into
the distorted face. 'God of mercy!' he suddenly
cried, 'it is Manton! '
  'You are right,' said King, with an evident at-
tempt at calmness: 'I knew Manton. He then wore
a full beard and his hair long, but this is he.'
  He might have added: 'I recognized him when
he challenged Rosser. I told Rosser and Sancher
who he was before we played him this horrible trick.
When Rosser left this dark room at our heels, for-
getting his outer clothing in the excitement, and
driving away with us in his shirt sleeves--all
through the discreditable proceedings we knew
whom we were dealing with, murderer and coward
that he was!'
  But nothing of this did Mr. King say. With his
better light he was trying to penetrate the mystery
of the man's death. That he had not once moved from
the corner where he had been stationed; that his
posture was that of neither attack nor defence; that
he had dropped his weapon; that he had obviously
perished of sheer horror of something that he saw
--these were circumstances which Mr. King's dis-
turbed intelligence could not rightly comprehend.
  Groping in intellectual darkness for a clue to his
maze of doubt, his gaze, directed mechanically down-
ward in the way of one who ponders momentous
matters, fell upon something which, there, in the
light of day and in the presence of living companions,
affected him with terror. In the dust of years that
lay thick upon the floor--leading from the door
by which they had entered, straight across the room
to within a yard of Manton's crouching corpse--
were three parallel lines of footprints--light but
definite impressions of bare feet, the outer ones
those of small children, the inner a woman's. From
the point at which they ended they did not return;
they pointed all one way. Brewer, who had observed
them at the same moment, was leaning forward in
an attitude of rapt attention, horribly pale.
  'Look at that!' he cried, pointing with both hands
at the nearest print of the woman's right foot, where
she had apparently stopped and stood. 'The middle
toe is missing--it was Gertrude!'
  Gertrude was the late Mrs. Manton, sister of Mr.
Brewer.


JOHN MORTONSON'S FUNERAL [1]

JOHN MORTONSON was dead: his lines in 'the tragedy
"Man"' had all been spoken and he had left the
stage.
  The body rested in a fine mahogany coffin fitted
with a plate of glass. All arrangements for the funeral
had been so well attended to that had the deceased
known he would doubtless have approved. The face,
as it showed under the glass, was not disagreeable to
look upon: it bore a faint smile, and as the death
had been painless, had not been distorted beyond the
repairing power of the undertaker. At two o'clock
of the afternoon the friends were to assemble to
pay their last tribute of respect to one who had
no further need of friends and respect. The surviv-
ing members of the family came severally every
few minutes to the casket and wept above the placid
features beneath the glass. This did them no good;
it did no good to John Mortonson; but in the pres-
ence of death reason and philosophy are silent.
  As the hour of two approached the friends began
to arrive and after offering such consolation to the
stricken relatives as the proprieties of the occasion
required, solemnly seated themselves about the
room with an augmented consciousness of their im-
portance in the scheme funereal. Then the minister
came, and in that overshadowing presence the lesser
lights went into eclipse. His entrance was followed
by that of the widow, whose lamentations filled the
room. She approached the casket and after leaning
her face against the cold glass for a moment was
gently led to a seat near her daughter. Mournfully
and low the man of God began his eulogy of the
dead, and his doleful voice, mingled with the sobbing
which it was its purpose to stimulate and sustain,
rose and fell, seemed to come and go, like the sound
of a sullen sea. The gloomy day grew darker as he
spoke; a curtain of cloud underspread the sky and
a few drops of rain fell audibly. It seemed as if all
nature were weeping for John Mortonson.
  When the minister had finished his eulogy with
prayer a hymn was sung and the pall-bearers took
their places beside the bier. As the last notes of the
hymn died away the widow ran to the coffin, cast
herself upon it and sobbed hysterically. Gradually,
however, she yielded to dissuasion, becoming more
composed; and as the minister was in the act of
leading her away her eyes sought the face of the
dead beneath the glass. She threw up her arms and
with a shriek fell backward insensible.
  The mourners sprang forward to the coffin, the
friends followed, and as the clock on the mantel
solemnly struck three all were staring down upon
the face of John Mortonson, deceased.
  They turned away, sick and faint. One man, try-
ing in his terror to escape the awful sight, stumbled
against the coffin so heavily as to knock away one
of its frail supports. The coffin fell to the floor, the
glass was shattered to bits by the concussion.
  From the opening crawled John Mortonson's cat,
which lazily leapt to the floor, sat up, tranquilly
wiped its crimson muzzle with a forepaw, then
walked with dignity from the room.

[1] Rough notes of this tale were found among the papers of
the late Leigh Bierce. It is printed here with such revision only
as the author might himself have made in transcription.


THE REALM OF THE UNREAL

	1

FOR a part of the distance between Auburn and
Newcastle the road--first on one side of a creek and
then on the other--occupies the whole bottom of
the ravine, being partly cut out of the steep hillside,
and partly built up with boulders removed from the
creek-bed by the miners. The hills are wooded, the
course of the ravine is sinuous. In a dark night care-
ful driving is required in order not to go off into the
water. The night that I have in memory was dark,
the creek a torrent, swollen by a recent storm. I had
driven up from Newcastle and was within about a
mile of Auburn in the darkest and narrowest part
of the ravine, looking intently ahead of my horse
for the roadway. Suddenly I saw a man almost under
the animal's nose, and reined in with a jerk that
came near setting the creature upon its haunches.
  'I beg your pardon,' I said; 'I did not see
you, sir.'
  'You could hardly be expected to see me,' the
man replied civilly, approaching the side of the
vehicle; 'and the noise of the creek prevented my
hearing you.'
  I at once recognized the voice, although five years
had passed since I had heard it. I was not particu-
larly well pleased to hear it now.
  'You are Dr. Dorrimore, I think,' said I.
  'Yes; and you are my good friend Mr. Manrich.
I am more than glad to see you--the excess,' he
added, with a light laugh, 'being due to the fact
that I am going your way, and naturally expect an
invitation to ride with you.'
  'Which I extend with all my heart.'
  That was not altogether true.
  Dr. Dorrimore thanked me as he seated himself
beside me, and I drove cautiously forward, as before.
Doubtless it is fancy, but it seems to me now that the
remaining distance was made in a chill fog; that
I was uncomfortably cold; that the way was longer
than ever before, and the town, when we reached
it, cheerless, forbidding, and desolate. It must have
been early in the evening, yet I do not recollect a light
in any of the houses nor a living thing in the streets.
Dorrimore explained at some length how he hap-
pened to be there, and where he had been during
the years that had elapsed since I had seen him.
I recall the fact of the narrative, but none of the
facts narrated. He had been in foreign countries and
had returned--this is all that my memory retains,
and this I already knew. As to myself I cannot
remember that I spoke a word, though doubtless
I did.
  Of one thing I am distinctly conscious: the man's
presence at my side was strangely distasteful and
disquieting--so much so that when I at last pulled
up under the lights of the Putnam House I experi-
enced a sense of having escaped some spiritual peril
of a nature peculiarly forbidding. This sense of
relief was somewhat modified by the discovery that
Dr. Dorrimore was living at the same hotel.

		2

  In partial explanation of my feelings regarding
Dr. Dorrimore I will relate briefly the circumstances
under which I had met him some years before. One
evening a half-dozen men of whom I was one were
sitting in the library of the Bohemian Club in San
Francisco. The conversation had turned to the sub-
ject of sleight-of-hand and the feats of the prestidigi-
tateurs, one of whom was then exhibiting at a local
theatre.
  'These fellows are pretenders in a double sense,'
said one of the party; 'they can do nothing which
it is worth one's while to be made a dupe by. The
humblest wayside juggler in India could mystify
them to the verge of lunacy.'
  'For example, how?' asked another, lighting a
cigar.
  'For example, by all their common and familiar
performances--throwing large objects into the air
which never come down; causing plants to sprout,
grow visibly and blossom, in bare ground chosen by
spectators; putting a man into a wicker basket,
piercing him through and through with a sword
while he shrieks and bleeds, and then--the basket
being opened nothing is there; tossing the free end
of a silken ladder into the air, mounting it and
disappearing.'
  'Nonsense!' I said, rather uncivilly, I fear. 'You
surely do not believe such things?'
  'Certainly not: I have seen them too often.'
  'But I do,' said a journalist of considerable local
fame as a picturesque reporter. 'I have so frequently
related them that nothing but observation could
shake my conviction. Why, gentlemen, I have my
own word for it.'
  Nobody laughed--all were looking at something
behind me. Turning in my seat I saw a man in
evening dress who had just entered the room. He was
exceedingly dark, almost swarthy, with a thin face,
black-bearded to the lips, an abundance of coarse
black hair in some disorder, a high nose and eyes
that glittered with as soulless an expression as those
of a cobra. One of the group rose and introduced
him as Dr. Dorrimore, of Calcutta. As each of us
was presented in turn he acknowledged the fact with
a profound bow in the Oriental manner, but with
nothing of Oriental gravity. His smile impressed me
as cynical and a trifle contemptuous. His whole
demeanour I can describe only as disagreeably
engaging.
  His presence led the conversation into other chan-
nels. He said little--I do not recall anything of what
he did say. I thought his voice singularly rich and
melodious, but it affected me in the same way as his
eyes and smile. In a few minutes I rose to go. He
also rose and put on his overcoat.
  'Mr. Manrich,' he said, 'I am going your way.'
  'The devil you are!' I thought. 'How do you
know which way I am going?' Then I said, 'I shall
be pleased to have your company.'
  We left the building together. No cabs were in
sight, the street cars had gone to bed, there was a
full moon and the cool night air was delightful; we
walked up the California Street Hill. I took that
direction thinking he would naturally wish to take
another, toward one of the hotels.
  'You do not believe what is told of the Hindu
jugglers,' he said abruptly.
  'How do you know that?' I asked.
  Without replying he laid his hand lightly upon
my arm and with the other pointed to the stone side-
walk directly in front. There, almost at our feet, lay
the dead body of a man, the face upturned and
white in the moonlight! A sword whose hilt sparkled
with gems stood fixed and upright in the breast;
a pool of blood had collected on the stones of the
sidewalk.
  I was startled and terrified--not only by what
I saw, but by the circumstances under which I saw
it. Repeatedly during our ascent of the hill my eyes,
I thought, had traversed the whole reach of that
sidewalk, from street to street. How could they have
been insensible to this dreadful object now so con-
spicuous in the white moonlight.
  As my dazed faculties cleared I observed that
the body was in evening dress; the overcoat thrown
wide open revealed the dress-coat, the white tie, the
broad expanse of shirt front pierced by the sword.
And--horrible revelation!--the face, except for
its pallor, was that of my companion! It was to the
minutest detail of dress and feature Dr. Dorri-
more himself. Bewildered and horrified, I turned
to look for the living man. He was nowhere visible,
and with an added terror I retired from the place,
down the hill in the direction whence I had come.
I had taken but a few strides when a strong grasp
upon my shoulder arrested me. I came near crying
out with terror: the dead man, the sword still fixed
in his breast, stood beside me! Pulling out the sword
with his disengaged hand, he flung it from him, the
moonlight glinting upon the jewels of its hilt and the
unsullied steel of its blade. It fell with a clang upon
the sidewalk ahead and--vanished! The man,
swarthy as before, relaxed his grasp upon my shoul-
der and looked at me with the same cynical regard
that I had observed on first meeting him. The dead
have not that look--it partly restored me, and turn-
ing my head backward, I saw the smooth white
expanse of sidewalk, unbroken from street to street.
  'What is all this nonsense, you devil?' I de-
manded, fiercely enough, though weak and trembling
in every limb.
  'It is what some are pleased to call jugglery,' he
answered, with a light, hard laugh.
  He turned down Dupont Street and I saw him
no more until we met in the Auburn ravine.

		3

  On the day after my second meeting with Dr.
Dorrimore I did not see him: the clerk in the Put-
nam House explained that a slight illness confined
him to his rooms. That afternoon at the railway
station I was surprised and made happy by the
unexpected arrival of Miss Margaret Corray and
her mother, from Oakland.
  This is not a love story. I am no story-teller, and
love as it is cannot be portrayed in a literature domi-
nated and enthralled by the debasing tyranny which
'sentences letters' in the name of the Young Girl.
Under the Young Girl's blighting reign--or rather
under the rule of those false Ministers of the Censure
who have appointed themselves to the custody of
her welfare--Love

            veils her sacred fires,
	And, unaware, Morality expires,

famished upon the sifted meal and distilled water
of a prudish purveyance.
 
  Let it suffice that Miss Corray and I were engaged
in marriage. She and her mother went to the hotel
at which I lived, and for two weeks I saw her daily.
That I was happy needs hardly be said; the only
bar to my perfect enjoyment of those golden days
was the presence of Dr. Dorrimore, whom I had
felt compelled to introduce to the ladies.
  By them he was evidently held in favour. What
could I say? I knew absolutely nothing to his dis-
credit. His manners were those of a cultivated and
considerate gentleman; and to women a man's man-
ner is the man. On one or two occasions when I saw
Miss Corray walking with him I was furious, and
once had the indiscretion to protest. Asked for rea-
sons, I had none to give, and fancied I saw in her
expression a shade of contempt for the vagaries of
a jealous mind. In time I grew morose and con-
sciously disagreeable, and resolved in my madness
to return to San Francisco the next day. Of this,
however, I said nothing.

		4

  There was at Auburn an old, abandoned cemetery.
It was nearly in the heart of the town, yet by night
it was as gruesome a place as the most dismal of
human moods could crave. The railings about the
plots were prostrate, decayed, or altogether gone.
Many of the graves were sunken, from others grew
sturdy pines, whose roots had committed unspeak-
able sin. The headstones were fallen and broken
across; brambles overran the ground; the fence was
mostly gone, and cows and pigs wandered there at
will; the place was a dishonour to the living, a
calumny on the dead, a blasphemy against God.
  The evening of the day on which I had taken my
madman's resolution to depart in anger from all
that was dear to me found me in that congenial
spot. The light of the half moon fell ghostly through
the foliage of trees in spots and patches, revealing
much that was unsightly, and the black shadows
seemed conspiracies withholding to the proper time
revelations of darker import. Passing along what
had been a gravel path, I saw emerging from shadow
the figure of Dr. Dorrimore. I was myself in shadow,
and stood still with clenched hands and set teeth,
trying to control the impulse to leap upon and stran-
gle him. A moment later a second figure joined him
and clung to his arm. It was Margaret Corray!
  I cannot rightly relate what occurred. I know
that I sprang forward, bent upon murder; I know
that I was found in the grey of the morning, bruised
and bloody, with finger marks upon my throat. I
was taken to the Putnam House, where for days
I lay in a delirium. All this I know, for I have been
told. And of my own knowledge I know that when
consciousness returned with convalescence I sent
for the clerk of the hotel.
  'Are Mrs. Corray and her daughter still here?' I
asked.
  'What name did you say?'
  'Corray.'
  'Nobody of that name has been here.'
  'I beg you will not trifle with me,' I said petu-
lantly. 'You see that I am all right now; tell me
the truth.'
  'I give you my word,' he replied with evident sin-
cerity, 'we have had no guests of that name.'
  His words stupefied me. I lay for a few moments
in silence; then I asked: 'Where is Dr. Dorrimore?'
  'He left on the morning of your fight and has
not been heard of since. It was a rough deal he
gave you.'

		5

  Such are the facts of this case. Margaret Corray
is now my wife. She has never seen Auburn, and dur-
ing the weeks whose history as it shaped itself in
my brain I have endeavoured to relate, was living
at her home in Oakland, wondering where her lover
was and why he did not write. The other day I saw
in the Baltimore Sun the following paragraph:

  'Professor Valentine Dorrimore, the hypnotist,
had a large audience last night. The lecturer, who
has lived most of his life in India, gave some mar-
vellous exhibitions of his power, hypnotizing anyone
who chose to submit himself to the experiment, by
merely looking at him. In fact, he twice hypnotized
the entire audience (reporters alone exempted),
making all entertain the most extraordinary illusions.
The most valuable feature of the lecture was the
disclosure of the methods of the Hindu jugglers in
their famous performances, familiar in the mouths
of travellers. The professor declares that these
thaumaturgists have acquired such skill in the art
which he learned at their feet that they perform
their miracles by simply throwing the "spectators"
into a state of hypnosis and telling them what to see
and hear. His assertion that a peculiarly susceptible
subject may be kept in the realm of the unreal for
weeks, months, and even years, dominated by what-
ever delusions and hallucinations the operator may
from time to time suggest, is a trifle disquieting.'


JOHN BARTINE'S WATCH

A Story by a Physician

'THE exact time? Good God! my friend, why do you
insist? One would think--but what does it matter;
it is easily bedtime--isn't that near enough? But,
here, if you must set your watch, take mine and see
for yourself.'
  With that he detached his watch--a tremen-
dously heavy, old-fashioned one--from the chain,
and handed it to me; then turned away, and walking
across the room to a shelf of books, began an exam-
ination of their backs. His agitation and evident
distress surprised me; they appeared reasonless.
Having set my watch by his I stepped over to where
he stood and said, 'Thank you.'
  As he took his timepiece and reattached it to the
guard I observed that his hands were unsteady.
With a tact upon which I greatly prided myself,
I sauntered carelessly to the sideboard and took
some brandy and water; then, begging his pardon
for my thoughtlessness, asked him to have some
and went back to my seat by the fire, leaving him
to help himself, as was our custom. He did so and
presently joined me at the hearth, as tranquil as
ever.
  This odd little incident occurred in my apartment,
where John Bartine was passing an evening. We had
dined together at the club, had come home in a cab
and--in short, everything had been done in the
most prosaic way; and why John Bartine should
break in upon the natural and established order of
things to make himself spectacular with a display
of emotion, apparently for his own entertainment,
I could nowise understand. The more I thought
of it, while his brilliant conversational gifts were
commending themselves to my inattention, the more
curious I grew, and of course had no difficulty in
persuading myself that my curiosity was friendly
solicitude. That is the disguise that curiosity usually
assumes to evade resentment. So I ruined one of
the finest sentences of his disregarded monologue by
cutting it short without ceremony.
  'John Bartine,' I said, 'you must try to forgive
me if I am wrong, but with the light that I have
at present I cannot concede your right to go all to
pieces when asked the time o' night. I cannot admit
that it is proper to experience a mysterious reluc-
tance to look your own watch in the face and to
cherish in my presence, without explanation, painful
emotions which are denied to me, and which are
none of my business.'
  To this ridiculous speech Bartine made no imme-
diate reply, but sat looking gravely into the fire.
Fearing that I had offended I was about to apolo-
gize and beg him to think no more about the mat-
ter, when looking me calmly in the eyes he said:
  'My dear fellow, the levity of your manner
does not at all disguise the hideous impudence
of your demand; but happily I had already de-
cided to tell you what you wish to know, and no
manifestation of your unworthiness to hear it
shall alter my decision. Be good enough to give me
your attention and you shall hear all about the
matter.
  'This watch,' he said, 'had been in my family for
three generations before it fell to me. Its original
owner, for whom it was made, was my great-grand-
father, Bramwell Olcott Bartine, a wealthy planter
of Colonial Virginia, and as staunch a Tory as ever
lay awake nights contriving new kinds of maledic-
tions for the head of Mr. Washington, and new
methods of aiding and abetting good King George.
One day this worthy gentleman had the deep misfor-
tune to perform for his cause a service of capital im-
portance which was not recognized as legitimate by
those who suffered its disadvantages. It does not mat-
ter what it was, but among its minor consequences
was my excellent ancestor's arrest one night in his
own house by a party of Mr. Washington's rebels. He
was permitted to say farewell to his weeping family,
and was then marched away into the darkness which
swallowed him up for ever. Not the slenderest clue
to his fate was ever found. After the war the most
diligent inquiry and the offer of large rewards failed
to turn up any of his captors or any fact concerning
his disappearance. He had disappeared, and that
was all.'
  Something in Bartine's manner that was not in
his words--I hardly knew what it was--prompted
me to ask:
  'What is your view of the matter--of the justice
of it?'
  'My view of it,' he flamed out, bringing his
clenched hand down upon the table as if he had been
in a public house dicing with blackguards--'my
view of it is that it was a characteristically dastardly
assassination by that damned traitor, Washington,
and his ragamuffin rebels!'
  For some minutes nothing was said: Bartine was
recovering his temper, and I waited. Then I said:
  'Was that all?'
  'No--there was something else. A few weeks
after my great-grandfather's arrest his watch was
found lying on the porch at the front door of his
dwelling. It was wrapped in a sheet of letter-paper
bearing the name of Rupert Bartine, his only son,
my grandfather. I am wearing that watch.'
  Bartine paused. His usually restless black eyes
were staring fixedly into the grate, a point of red
light in each, reflected from the glowing coals. He
seemed to have forgotten me. A sudden threshing
of the branches of a tree outside one of the windows,
and almost at the same instant a rattle of rain
against the glass, recalled him to a sense of his sur-
roundings. A storm had risen, heralded by a single
gust of wind, and in a few moments the steady
plash of the water on the pavement was distinctly
heard. I hardly know why I relate this incident; it
seemed somehow to have a certain significance and
relevancy which I am unable now to discern. It at
least added an element of seriousness, almost solem-
nity. Bartine resumed:
  'I have a singular feeling toward this watch--a
kind of affection for it; I like to have it about me,
though partly from its weight, and partly for a rea-
son I shall now explain, I seldom carry it. The
reason is this: Every evening when I have it with
me I feel an unaccountable desire to open and con-
sult it, even if I can think of no reason for wishing
to know the time. But if I yield to it, the moment
my eyes rest upon the dial I am filled with a myste-
rious apprehension--a sense of imminent calamity.
And this is the more insupportable the nearer it is
to eleven o'clock--by this watch, no matter what
the actual hour may be. After the hands have regis-
tered eleven the desire to look is gone; I am entirely
indifferent. Then I can consult the thing as often
as I like, with no more emotion than you feel in
looking at your own. Naturally I have trained myself
not to look at that watch in the evening before
eleven; nothing could induce me. Your insistence
this evening upset me a trifle. I felt very much as I
suppose an opium-eater might feel if his yearning
for his special and particular kind of hell were rein-
forced by opportunity and advice.
  'Now that is my story, and I have told it in the
interest of your trumpery science; but if on any
evening hereafter you observe me wearing this
damnable watch, and you have the thoughtfulness
to ask me the hour, I shall beg leave to put you to
the inconvenience of being knocked down.'
  His humour did not amuse me. I could see that
in relating his delusion he was again somewhat dis-
turbed. His concluding smile was positively ghastly,
and his eyes had resumed something more than their
old restlessness; they shifted hither and thither about
the room with apparent aimlessness and I fancied
had taken on a wild expression, such as is sometimes
observed in cases of dementia. Perhaps this was
my own imagination, but at any rate I was now
persuaded that my friend was afflicted with a most
singular and interesting monomania. Without, I
trust, any abatement of my affectionate solicitude
for him as a friend, I began to regard him as a pa-
tient, rich in possibilities of profitable study. Why
not? Had he not described his delusion in the in-
terest of science? Ah, poor fellow, he was doing more
for science than he knew: not only his story but
himself was in evidence. I should cure him if I could,
of course, but first I should make a little experiment
in psychology--nay, the experiment itself might
be a step in his restoration.

  'That is very frank and friendly of you, Bartine,'
I said cordially, 'and I'm rather proud of your con-
fidence. It is all very odd, certainly. Do you mind
showing me the watch?'
  He detached it from his waistcoat, chain and all,
and passed it to me without a word. The case was
of gold, very thick and strong, and singularly en-
graved. After closely examining the dial and observ-
ing that it was nearly twelve o'clock, I opened it at
the back and was interested to observe an inner case
of ivory, upon which was painted a miniature por-
trait in that exquisite and delicate manner which
was in vogue during the eighteenth century.
  'Why, bless my soul!' I exclaimed, feeling a sharp
artistic delight--'how under the sun did you get
that done? I thought miniature painting on ivory was
a lost art.'
  'That,' he replied, gravely smiling, 'is not I;
it is my excellent great-grandfather, the late Bram-
well Olcott Bartine, Esquire, of Virginia. He was
younger then than later--about my age, in fact.
It is said to resemble me; do you think so?'
  'Resemble you? I should say so! Barring the
costume, which I supposed you to have assumed
out of compliment to the art--or for vraisemblance,
so to say--and the no moustache, that portrait is
you in every feature, line, and expression.'
  No more was said at that time. Bartine took a
book from the table and began reading. I heard
outside the incessant plash of the rain in the street.
There were occasional hurried footfalls on the side-
walks; and once a slower, heavier tread seemed to
cease at my door--a policeman, I thought, seeking
shelter in the doorway. The boughs of the trees
tapped significantly on the window panes, as if ask-
ing for admittance. I remember it all through these
years and years of a wiser, graver life.
  Seeing myself unobserved, I took the old-fashioned
key that dangled from the chain and quickly turned
back the hands of the watch a full hour; then, closing
the case, I handed Bartine his property and saw
him replace it on his person.
  'I think you said,' I began, with assumed care-
lessness, 'that after eleven the sight of the dial no
longer affects you. As it is now nearly twelve'--
looking at my own timepiece--'perhaps, if you
don't resent my pursuit of proof, you will look at it
now.'
  He smiled good-humouredly, pulled out the watch
again, opened it, and instantly sprang to his feet
with a cry that Heaven has not had the mercy to
permit me to forget! His eyes, their blackness strik-
ingly intensified by the pallor of his face, were fixed
upon the watch, which he clutched in both hands.
For some time he remained in that attitude without
uttering another sound; then, in a voice that I should
not have recognized as his, he said:
  'Damn you! it is two minutes to eleven!'
  I was not unprepared for some such outbreak, and
without rising replied, calmly enough:
  'I beg your pardon; I must have misread your
watch in setting my own by it.'
  He shut the case with a sharp snap and put the
watch in his pocket. He looked at me and made
an attempt to smile, but his lower lip quivered and
he seemed unable to close his mouth. His hands,
also, were shaking, and he thrust them, clenched,
into the pockets of his sackcoat. The courageous
spirit was manifestly endeavouring to subdue the
coward body. The effort was too great; he began to
sway from side to side, as from vertigo, and before
I could spring from my chair to support him his
knees gave way and he pitched awkwardly forward
and fell upon his face. I sprang to assist him to rise;
but when John Bartine rises we shall all rise.
  The post-mortem examination disclosed nothing;
every organ was normal and sound. But when the
body had been prepared for burial a faint dark cir-
cle was seen to have developed around the neck;
at least I was so assured by several persons who said
they saw it, but of my own knowledge I cannot say
if that was true.
  Nor can I set limitations to the law of heredity.
I do not know that in the spiritual world a sentiment
or emotion may not survive the heart that held it,
and seek expression in a kindred life, ages removed.
Surely, if I were to guess at the fate of Bramwell
Olcott Bartine, I should guess that he was hanged
at eleven o'clock in the evening, and that he had
been allowed several hours in which to prepare for
the change.
  As to John Bartine, my friend, my patient for five
minutes, and--Heaven forgive me!--my victim
for eternity, there is no more to say. He is buried,
and his watch with him--I saw to that. May God
rest his soul in Paradise, and the soul of his Vir-
ginian ancestor, if, indeed, they are two souls.


THE DAMNED THING

1: One Does Not Always Eat What is on the Table

BY the light of a tallow candle which had been placed
on one end of a rough table a man was reading some-
thing written in a book. It was an old account book,
greatly worn; and the writing was not, apparently,
very legible, for the man sometimes held the page
close to the flame of the candle to get a stronger light
on it. The shadow of the book would then throw
into obscurity a half of the room, darkening a num-
ber of faces and figures; for besides the reader, eight
other men were present. Seven of them sat against
the rough log walls, silent, motionless, and the room
being small, not very far from the table. By extend-
ing an arm anyone of them could have touched the
eighth man, who lay on the table, face upward,
partly covered by a sheet, his arms at his sides. He
was dead.
  The man with the book was not reading aloud,
and no one spoke; all seemed to be waiting for some-
thing to occur; the dead man only was without ex-
pectation. From the blank darkness outside came
in, through the aperture that served for a window,
all the ever unfamiliar noises of night in the wilder-
ness--the long nameless note of a distant coyote;
the stilly pulsing thrill of tireless insects in trees;
strange cries of night birds, so different from those
of the birds of day; the drone of great blundering
beetles, and all that mysterious chorus of small
sounds that seem always to have been but half
heard when they have suddenly ceased, as if con-
scious of an indiscretion. But nothing of all this
was noted in that company; its members were not
overmuch addicted to idle interest in matters of no
practical importance; that was obvious in every
line of their rugged faces--obvious even in the
dim light of the single candle. They were evidently
men of the vicinity--farmers and woodsmen.
  The person reading was a trifle different; one
would have said of him that he was of the world,
worldly, albeit there was that in his attire which
attested a certain fellowship with the organisms of
his environment. His coat would hardly have passed
muster in San Francisco; his foot-gear was not of
urban origin, and the hat that lay by him on the
floor (he was the only one uncovered) was such
that if one had considered it as an article of mere
personal adornment he would have missed its mean-
ing. In countenance the man was rather pre-
possessing, with just a hint of sternness; though that
he may have assumed or cultivated, as appropriate
to one in authority. For he was a coroner. It was by
virtue of his office that he had possession of the
book in which he was reading; it had been found
among the dead man's effects--in his cabin, where
the inquest was now taking place.
  When the coroner had finished reading he put
the book into his breast pocket. At that moment the
door was pushed open and a young man entered.
He, clearly, was not of mountain birth and breeding:
he was clad as those who dwell in cities. His clothing
was dusty, however, as from travel. He had, in fact,
been riding hard to attend the inquest.
  The coroner nodded; no one else greeted him.
  'We have waited for you,' said the coroner.' It
is necessary to have done with this business to-night.'
  The young man smiled. 'I am sorry to have kept
you,' he said. 'I went away, not to evade your
summons, but to post to my newspaper an account
of what I suppose I am called back to relate.'
  The coroner smiled.
  'The account that you posted to your newspaper,'
he said, 'differs, probably, from that which you
will give here under oath.'
  'That,' replied the other, rather hotly and with
a visible flush, 'is as you please. I used manifold
paper and have a copy of what I sent. It was not
written as news, for it is incredible, but as fiction.
It may go as a part of my testimony under oath.'
  'But you say it is incredible.'
  'That is nothing to you, sir, if I also swear that
it is true.'
  The coroner was silent for a time, his eyes upon
the floor. The men about the sides of the cabin talked
in whispers, but seldom withdrew their gaze from
the face of the corpse. Presently the coroner lifted
his eyes and said: 'We will resume the inquest.'
  The men removed their hats. The witness was
sworn.
  'What is your name? ' the coroner asked.
  'William Harker.'
  'Age? '
  'Twenty-seven.'
  'You knew the deceased, Hugh Morgan?'
  'Yes.'
  'You were with him when he died?'
  'Near him.'
  'How did that happen--your presence, I mean ? '
  'I was visiting him at this place to shoot and fish.
A part of my purpose, however, was to study him
and his odd, solitary way of life. He seemed a good
model for a character in fiction. I sometimes write
stories.'
  'I sometimes read them.'
  'Thank you.'
  'Stories in general--not yours.'
  Some of the jurors laughed. Against a sombre
background humour shows high lights. Soldiers in
the intervals of battle laugh easily, and a jest in the
death chamber conquers by surprise.
  'Relate the circumstances of this man's death,'
said the coroner. 'You may use any notes or mem-
oranda that you please.'
  The witness understood. Pulling a manuscript
from his breast pocket he held it near the candle and
turning the leaves until he found the passage that
he wanted began to read.

2: What may Happen in a Field of Wild Oats

  '. . . The sun had hardly risen when we left the
house. We were looking for quail, each with a shot-
gun, but we had only one dog. Morgan said that
our best ground was beyond a certain ridge that
he pointed out, and we crossed it by a trail through
the chaparral. On the other side was comparatively
level ground, thickly covered with wild oats. As we
emerged from the chaparral Morgan was but a few
yards in advance. Suddenly we heard, at a little
distance to our right and partly in front, a noise as of
some animal thrashing about in the bushes, which
we could see were violently agitated.
  '"We've started a deer," I said. "I wish we had
brought a rifle."
  'Morgan, who had stopped and was intently
watching the agitated chaparral, said nothing, but
had cocked both barrels of his gun and was holding
it in readiness to aim. I thought him a trifle excited,
which surprised me, for be had a reputation for ex-
ceptional coolness, even in moments of sudden and
imminent peril.
  '"Oh, come," I said. "You are not going to fill
up a deer with quail-shot, are you?"
  'Still he did not reply; but catching a sight of his
face as he turned it slightly toward me I was struck
by the intensity of his look. Then I understood that
we had serious business in hand, and my first con-
jecture was that we had "jumped" a grizzly. I ad-
vanced to Morgan's side, cocking my piece as I
moved.
  'The bushes were now quiet and the sounds had
ceased, but Morgan was as attentive to the place as
before.
  '"What is it? What the devil is it?" I asked.
  '"That Damned Thing!" he replied, without
turning his head. His voice was husky and unnatural.
He trembled visibly.
  'I was about to speak further, when I observed
the wild oats near the place of the disturbance mov-
ing in the most inexplicable way. I can hardly de-
scribe it. It seemed as if stirred by a streak of wind,
which not only bent it, but pressed it down--
crushed it so that it did not rise; and this movement
was slowly prolonging itself directly toward us.
  'Nothing that I had ever seen had affected me so
strangely as this unfamiliar and unaccountable phe-
nomenon, yet I am unable to recall any sense of
fear. I remember--and tell it here because, singu-
larly enough, I recollected it then--that once in
looking carelessly out of an open window I momen-
tarily mistook a small tree close at hand for one of
a group of larger trees at a little distance away.
It looked the same size as the others, but being more
distinctly and sharply defined in mass and detail
seemed out of harmony with them. It was a mere
falsification of the law of aerial perspective, but it
startled, almost terrified me. We so rely upon the
orderly operation of familiar natural laws that any
seeming suspension of them is noted as a menace
to our safety, a warning of unthinkable calamity. So
now the apparently causeless movement of the
herbage and the slow, undeviating approach of the
line of disturbance were distinctly disquieting. My
companion appeared actually frightened, and I could
hardly credit my senses when I saw him suddenly
throw his gun to his shoulder and fire both barrels
at the agitated grain! Before the smoke of the dis-
charge had cleared away I heard a loud savage cry
--a scream like that of a wild animal--and flinging
his gun upon the ground Morgan sprang away and
ran swiftly from the spot. At the same instant I was
thrown violently to the ground by the impact of
something unseen in the smoke--some soft, heavy
substance that seemed thrown against me with
great force.
  'Before I could get upon my feet and recover my
gun, which seemed to have been struck from my
hands, I heard Morgan crying out as if in mortal
agony, and mingling with his cries were such hoarse,
savage sounds as one hears from fighting dogs.
Inexpressibly terrified, I struggled to my feet and
looked in the direction of Morgan's retreat; and may
Heaven in mercy spare me from another sight like
that! At a distance of less than thirty yards was
my friend, down upon one knee, his head thrown
back at a frightful angle, hatless, his long hair in
disorder and his whole body in violent movement
from side to side, backward and forward. His right
arm was lifted and seemed to lack the hand--at
least, I could see none. The other arm was invisible.
At times, as my memory now reports this extraordi-
nary scene, I could discern but a part of his body;
it was as if he had been partly blotted out--I can-
not otherwise express it--then a shifting of his
position would bring it all into view again.
  'All this must have occurred within a few sec-
onds, yet in that time Morgan assumed all the pos-
tures of a determined wrestler vanquished by su-
perior weight and strength. I saw nothing but him,
and him not always distinctly. During the entire
incident his shouts and curses were heard, as if
through an enveloping uproar of such sounds of
rage and fury as I had never heard from the throat
of man or brute!
  'For a moment only I stood irresolute, then throw-
ing down my gun I ran forward to my friend's as-
sistance. I had a vague belief that he was suffering
from a fit, or some form of convulsion. Before I could
reach his side he was down and quiet. All sounds had
ceased, but with a feeling of such terror as even these
awful events had not inspired I now saw again the
mysterious movement of the wild oats, prolonging
itself from the trampled area about the prostrate
man toward the edge of a wood. It was only when
it had reached the wood that I was able to withdraw
my eyes and look at my companion. He was dead.'

3: A Man though Naked may be in Rags

  The coroner rose from his seat and stood beside
the dead man. Lifting an edge of the sheet he pulled
it away, exposing the entire body, altogether naked
and showing in the candle-light a clay-like yellow.
It had, however, broad maculations of bluish black,
obviously caused by extravasated blood from con-
tusions. The chest and sides looked as if they had
been beaten with a bludgeon. There were dreadful
lacerations; the skin was torn in strips and shreds.
  The coroner moved round to the end of the table
and undid a silk handkerchief which had been passed
under the chin and knotted on the top of the head.
When the handkerchief was drawn away it exposed
what had been the throat. Some of the jurors who
had risen to get a better view repented their curiosity
and turned away their faces. Witness Harker went
to the open window and leaned out across the sill,
faint and sick. Dropping the handkerchief upon the
dead man's neck the coroner stepped to an angle of
the room and from a pile of clothing produced one
garment after another, each of which he held up a
moment for inspection. All were torn, and stiff with
blood. The jurors did not make a closer inspection.
They seemed rather uninterested. They had, in
truth, seen all this before; the only thing that was
new to them being Harker's testimony.
  'Gentlemen,' the coroner said, 'we have no more
evidence, I think. Your duty has been already ex-
plained to you; if there is nothing you wish to ask
you may go outside and consider your verdict.'
  The foreman rose--a tall, bearded man of sixty,
coarsely clad.
  'I should like to ask one question, Mr. Coroner,'
he said. 'What asylum did this yer last witness
escape from?'
  'Mr. Harker,' said the coroner gravely and tran-
quilly, 'from what asylum did you last escape? '
Harker flushed crimson again, but said nothing,
and the seven jurors rose and solemnly filed out of
the cabin.
  'If you have done insulting me, sir,' said Harker,
as soon as he and the officer were left alone with
the dead man, 'I suppose I am at liberty to go?'
  'Yes.'
  Harker started to leave, but paused, with his hand
on the door latch. The habit of his profession was
strong in him--stronger than his sense of personal
dignity. He turned about and said:
  'The book that you have there--I recognize it as
Morgan's diary. You seemed greatly interested in
it; you read in it while I was testifying. May I see
it? The public would like--'
  'The book will cut no figure in this matter,' re-
plied the official, slipping it into his coat pocket;
'all the entries in it were made before the writer's
death.'
  As Harker passed out of the house the jury re-
entered and stood about the table, on which the now
covered corpse showed under the sheet with sharp
definition. The foreman seated himself near the can-
dle, produced from his breast pocket a pencil and
scrap of paper and wrote rather laboriously the
following verdict, which with various degrees of
effort all signed:
  'We, the jury, do find that the remains come to
their death at the hands of a mountain lion, but
some of us thinks, all the same, they had fits.'

4: An Explanation from the Tomb

  In the diary of the late Hugh Morgan are certain
interesting entries having, possibly, a scientific value
as suggestions. At the inquest upon his body the
book was not put in evidence; possibly the coroner
thought it not worth while to confuse the jury. The
date of the first of the entries mentioned cannot be
ascertained; the upper part of the leaf is torn away;
the part of the entry remaining follows:
      
  '. . . would run in a half-circle, keeping his head
turned always toward the centre, and again he would
stand still, barking furiously. At last he ran away
into the brush as fast as he could go. I thought at
first that he had gone mad, but on returning to the
house found no other alteration in his manner than
what was obviously due to fear of punishment.
  'Can a dog see with his nose? Do odours impress
some cerebral centre with images of the thing that
emitted them? . . .
  'Sept. 2.--Looking at the stars last night as they
rose above the crest of the ridge east of the house,
I observed them successively disappear--from left
to right. Each was eclipsed but an instant, and only
a few at the same time, but along the entire length
of the ridge all that were within a degree or two of
the crest were blotted out. It was as if something
had passed along between me and them; but I could
not see it, and the stars were not thick enough to
define its outline. Ugh! don't like this.' . . .
  Several weeks' entries are missing, three leaves
being torn from the book.
  'Sept. 27.--It has been about here again--I
find evidences of its presence every day. I watched
again all last night in the same cover, gun in hand,
double-charged with buckshot. In the morning the
fresh footprints were there, as before. Yet I would
have sworn that I did not sleep--indeed, I hardly
sleep at all. It is terrible, insupportable! If these
amazing experiences are real I shall go mad; if they
are fanciful I am mad already.
  'Oct. 3.--I shall not go--it shall not drive me
away. No, this is my house, my land. God hates a
coward....
  'Oct. 5.--I can stand it no longer; I have invited
Harker to pass a few weeks with me--he has a
level head. I can judge from his manner if he thinks
me mad.
  'Oct. 7.--I have the solution of the mystery;
it came to me last night--suddenly, as by revela-
tion. How simple--how terribly simple!
  'There are sounds that we cannot hear. At either
end of the scale are notes that stir no chord of that
imperfect instrument, the human ear. They are too
high or too grave. I have observed a flock of black-
birds occupying an entire tree-top--the tops of sev-
eral trees--and all in full song. Suddenly--in a
moment--at absolutely the same instant--all
spring into the air and fly away. How? They could
not all see one another--whole tree-tops intervened.
At no point could a leader have been visible to all.
There must have been a signal of warning or com-
mand, high and shrill above the din, but by me
unheard. I have observed, too, the same simul-
taneous flight when all were silent, among not only
blackbirds, but other birds--quail, for example,
widely separated by bushes--even on opposite
sides of a hill.
  'It is known to seamen that a school of whales
basking or sporting on the surface of the ocean,
miles apart, with the convexity of the earth between,
will sometimes dive at the same instant--all gone
out of sight in a moment. The signal has been
sounded--too grave for the ear of the sailor at
the masthead and his comrades on the deck--who
nevertheless feel its vibrations in the ship as the
stones of a cathedral are stirred by the bass of the
organ.
  'As with sounds, so with colours. At each end of
the solar spectrum the chemist can detect the pres-
ence of what are known as "actinic" rays. They
represent colours--integral colours in the composi-
tion of light--which we are unable to discern. The
human eye is an imperfect instrument; its range is
but a few octaves of the real "chromatic scale." I am
not mad; there are colours that we cannot see.
  'And, God help me! the Damned Thing is of
such a colour!'


HAITA THE SHEPHERD

IN the heart of Haita the illusions of youth had not
been supplanted by those of age and experience.
His thoughts were pure and pleasant, for his life
was simple and his soul devoid of ambition. He rose
with the sun and went forth to pray at the shrine
of Hastur, the god of shepherds, who heard and was
pleased. After performance of this pious rite Haita
unbarred the gate of the fold and with a cheerful
mind drove his flock afield, eating his morning meal
of curds and oat cake as he went, occasionally paus-
ing to add a few berries, cold with dew, or to drink
of the waters that came away from the hills to join
the stream in the middle of the valley and be borne
along with it, he knew not whither.
  During the long summer day, as his sheep cropped
the good grass which the gods had made to grow for
them, or lay with their forelegs doubled under their
breasts and chewed the cud, Haita, reclining in the
shadow of a tree, or sitting upon a rock, played so
sweet music upon his reed pipe that sometimes from
the corner of his eye he got accidental glimpses of
the minor sylvan deities, leaning forward out of the
copse to hear; but if he looked at them directly they
vanished. From this--for he must be thinking if he
would not turn into one of his own sheep--he drew
the solemn inference that happiness may come if not
sought, but if looked for will never be seen; for next
to the favour of Hastur, who never disclosed himself,
Haita most valued the friendly interest of his neigh-
bours, the shy immortals of the wood and stream.
At nightfall he drove his flock back to the fold, saw
that the gate was secure and retired to his cave for
refreshment and for dreams.
  So passed his life, one day like another, save when
the storms uttered the wrath of an offended god.
Then Haita cowered in his cave, his face hidden in
his hands, and prayed that he alone might be pun-
ished for his sins and the world saved from destruc-
tion. Sometimes when there was a great rain, and
the stream came out of its banks, compelling him to
urge his terrified flock to the uplands, he interceded
for the people in the cities which he had been told lay
in the plain beyond the two blue hills forming the
gateway of his valley.
  'It is kind of thee, O Hastur,' so he prayed, 'to
give me mountains so near to my dwelling and my
fold that I and my sheep can escape the angry tor-
rents; but the rest of the world thou must thyself
deliver in some way that I know not of, or I will
no longer worship thee.'
  And Hastur, knowing that Haita was a youth
who kept his word, spared the cities and turned the
waters into the sea.
  So he had lived since he could remember. He could
not rightly conceive any other mode of existence.
The holy hermit who dwelt at the head of the valley,
a full hour's journey away, from whom he had
heard the tale of the great cities where dwelt
people--poor souls!--who had no sheep, gave him
no knowledge of that early time, when, so he
reasoned, he must have been small and helpless like
a lamb.
  It was through thinking on these mysteries and
marvels, and on that horrible change to silence and
decay which he felt sure must sometime come to
him, as he had seen it come to so many of his flock
--as it came to all living things except the birds
--that Haita first became conscious how miserable
and hopeless was his lot.
  'It is necessary,' he said, 'that I know whence and
how I came; for how can one perform his duties
unless able to judge what they are by the way in
which he was entrusted with them? And what con-
tentment can I have when I know not how long it is
going to last? Perhaps before another sun I may
be changed, and then what will become of the sheep?
What, indeed, will have become of me?'
  Pondering these things Haita became melancholy
and morose. He no longer spoke cheerfully to his
flock, nor ran with alacrity to the shrine of Hastur.
In every breeze he heard whispers of malign deities
whose existence he now first observed. Every cloud
was a portent signifying disaster, and the darkness
was full of terrors. His reed pipe when applied to his
lips gave out no melody, but a dismal wail; the
sylvan and riparian intelligences no longer thronged
the thicket-side to listen, but fled from the sound,
as he knew by the stirred leaves and bent flowers.
He relaxed his vigilance and many of his sheep
strayed away into the hills and were lost. Those that
remained became lean and ill for lack of good pas-
turage, for he would not seek it for them, but con-
ducted them day after day to the same spot, through
mere abstraction, while puzzling about life and
death--of immortality he knew not.
  One day while indulging in the gloomiest reflec-
tions he suddenly sprang from the rock upon which
he sat, and with a determined gesture of the right
hand exclaimed: 'I will no longer be a suppliant for
knowledge which the gods withhold. Let them look
to it that they do me no wrong. I will do my duty
as best I can and if I err upon their own heads
be it!'
  Suddenly, as he spoke, a great brightness fell
about him, causing him to look upward, thinking
the sun had burst through a rift in the clouds; but
there were no clouds. No more than an arm's length
away stood a beautiful maiden. So beautiful she was
that the flowers about her feet folded their petals in
despair and bent their heads in token of submission;
so sweet her look that the humming-birds thronged
her eyes, thrusting their thirsty bills almost into
them, and the wild bees were about her lips. And
such was her brightness that the shadows of all ob-
jects lay divergent from her feet, turning as she
moved.
  Haita was entranced. Rising, he knelt before her
in adoration, and she laid her hand upon his head.
  'Come,' she said in a voice that had the music of
all the bells of his flock--'come, thou art not to
worship me, who am no goddess, but if thou art
truthful and dutiful I will abide with thee.'
  Haita seized her hand, and stammering his joy
and gratitude arose, and hand in hand they stood
and smiled into each other's eyes. He gazed on her
with reverence and rapture. He said: 'I pray thee,
lovely maid, tell me thy name and whence and why
thou comest.'
  At this she laid a warning finger on her lip and
began to withdraw. Her beauty underwent a visible
alteration that made him shudder, he knew not why,
for still she was beautiful. The landscape was dark-
ened by a giant shadow sweeping across the valley
with the speed of a vulture. In the obscurity the
maiden's figure grew dim and indistinct and her
voice seemed to come from a distance, as she said,
in a tone of sorrowful reproach: 'Presumptuous and
ungrateful youth! must I then so soon leave thee?
Would nothing do but thou must at once break the
eternal compact?'
  Inexpressibly grieved, Haita fell upon his knees
and implored her to remain--rose and sought her
in the deepening darkness--ran in circles, calling
to her aloud, but all in vain. She was no longer
visible, but out of the gloom he heard her voice
saying: 'Nay, thou shalt not have me by seeking.
Go to thy duty, faithless shepherd, or we shall never
meet again.'
  Night had fallen; the wolves were howling in
the hills and the terrified sheep crowding about
Haita's feet. In the demands of the hour he forgot
his disappointment, drove his sheep to the fold
and repairing to the place of worship poured out
his heart in gratitude to Hastur for permitting
him to save his flock, then retired to his cave and
slept.
  When Haita awoke the sun was high and shone
in at the cave, illuminating it with a great glory. And
there, beside him, sat the maiden. She smiled upon
him with a smile that seemed the visible music of
his pipe of reeds. He dared not speak, fearing to
offend her as before, for he knew not what he could
venture to say.
  'Because,' she said, 'thou didst thy duty by the
flock, and didst not forget to thank Hastur for stay-
ing the wolves of the night, I am come to thee again.
Wilt thou have me for a companion?'
  'Who would not have thee for ever?' replied
Haita. 'Oh! never again leave me until--until I--
change and become silent and motionless.'
  Haita had no word for death.
  'I wish, indeed,' he continued, 'that thou wert of
my own sex, that we might wrestle and run races and
so never tire of being together.'
  At these words the maiden arose and passed out
of the cave, and Haita, springing from his couch of
fragrant boughs to overtake and detain her, observed
to his astonishment that the rain was falling and
the stream in the middle of the valley had come out
of its banks. The sheep were bleating in terror, for
the rising waters had invaded their fold. And there
was danger for the unknown cities of the distant
plain.
  It was many days before Haita saw the maiden
again. One day he was returning from the head of the
valley, where he had gone with ewe's milk and oat
cake and berries for the holy hermit, who was too
old and feeble to provide himself with food.
  'Poor old man!' he said aloud, as he trudged
along homeward. 'I will return to-morrow and bear
him on my back to my own dwelling, where I can
care for him. Doubtless it is for this that Hastur has
reared me all these many years, and gives me health
and strength.'
  As he spoke, the maiden, clad in glittering gar-
ments, met him in the path with a smile that took
away his breath.
  'I am come again,' she said, 'to dwell with thee
if thou wilt now have me, for none else will. Thou
mayest have learned wisdom, and art willing to take
me as I am, nor care to know.'
  Haita threw himself at her feet. 'Beautiful being,'
he cried, 'if thou wilt but deign to accept all the de-
votion of my heart and soul--after Hastur be
served--it is thine for ever. But, alas! thou art
capricious and wayward. Before to-morrow's sun
I may lose thee again. Promise, I beseech thee, that
however in my ignorance I may offend, thou wilt
forgive and remain always with me.'
  Scarcely had he finished speaking when a troop
of bears came out of the hills, racing toward him
with crimson mouths and fiery eyes. The maiden
again vanished, and he turned and fled for his life.
Nor did he stop until he was in the cot of the holy
hermit, whence he had set out. Hastily barring the
door against the bears he cast himself upon the
ground and wept.
  'My son,' said the hermit from his couch of straw,
freshly gathered that morning by Haita's hands, 'it
is not like thee to weep for bears--tell me what
sorrow hath befallen thee, that age may minister to
the hurts of youth with such balms as it hath of its
wisdom.'
  Haita told him all: how thrice he had met the
radiant maid and thrice she had left him forlorn.
He related minutely all that had passed between
them, omitting no word of what had been said.
  When he had ended, the holy hermit was a mo-
ment silent, then said: 'My son, I have attended to
thy story, and I know the maiden. I have myself
seen her, as have many. Know, then, that her name,
which she would not even permit thee to inquire, is
Happiness. Thou saidst the truth to her, that she
is capricious, for she imposeth conditions that man
cannot fulfil, and delinquency is punished by de-
sertion. She cometh only when unsought, and will
not be questioned. One manifestation of curiosity,
one sign of doubt, one expression of misgiving, and
she is away! How long didst thou have her at any
time before she fled?'
  'Only a single instant,' answered Haita, blushing
with shame at the confession. 'Each time I drove
her away in one moment.'
  'Unfortunate youth!' said the holy hermit, 'but
for thine indiscretion thou mightst have had her for
two.'


AN INHABITANT OF CARCOSA

  For there be divers sorts of death--some wherein
the body remaineth; and in some it vanisheth quite
away with the spirit. This commonly occurreth only
in solitude (such is God's will) and, none seeing the
end, we say the man is lost, or gone on a long jour-
ney--which indeed he hath; but sometimes it hath
happened in sight of many, as abundant testimony
showeth. In one kind of death the spirit also dieth,
and this it hath been known to do while yet the
body was in vigour for many years. Sometimes, as
is veritably attested, it dieth with the body, but after
a season is raised up again in that place where the
body did decay.

  Pondering these words of Hali (whom God rest)
and questioning their full meaning, as one who,
having an intimation, yet doubts if there be not some-
thing behind, other than that which he has dis-
cerned, I noted not whither I had strayed until a
sudden chill wind striking my face revived in me
a sense of my surroundings. I observed with aston-
ishment that everything seemed unfamiliar. On
every side of me stretched a bleak and desolate ex-
panse of plain, covered with a tall overgrowth of
sere grass, which rustled and whistled in the au-
tumn wind with Heaven knows what mysterious and
disquieting suggestion. Protruded at long intervals
above it, stood strangely shaped and sombre-
coloured rocks, which seemed to have an under-
standing with one another and to exchange looks of
uncomfortable significance, as if they had reared
their heads to watch the issue of some foreseen event.
A few blasted trees here and there appeared as
leaders in this malevolent conspiracy of silent
expectation.
  The day, I thought, must be far advanced, though
the sun was invisible; and although sensible that the
air was raw and chill my consciousness of that fact
was rather mental than physical--I had no feeling
of discomfort. Over all the dismal landscape a canopy
of low, lead-coloured clouds hung like a visible curse.
In all this there was a menace and a portent--a
hint of evil, an intimation of doom. Bird, beast, or
insect there was none. The wind sighed in the bare
branches of the dead trees and the grey grass bent
to whisper its dread secret to the earth; but no other
sound nor motion broke the awful repose of that
dismal place.
  I observed in the herbage a number of weather-
worn stones, evidently shaped with tools. They were
broken, covered with moss and half sunken in the
earth. Some lay prostrate, some leaned at various
angles, none was vertical. They were obviously
headstones of graves, though the graves themselves
no longer existed as either mounds or depressions;
the years had levelled all. Scattered here and there,
more massive blocks showed where some pompous
tomb or ambitious monument had once flung its
feeble defiance at oblivion. So old seemed these
relics, these vestiges of vanity and memorials of
affection and piety, so battered and worn and stained
--so neglected, deserted, forgotten the place, that I
could not help thinking myself the discoverer of the
burial-ground of a prehistoric race of men whose very
name was long extinct.
  Filled with these reflections, I was for some time
heedless of the sequence of my own experiences, but
soon I thought, 'How came I hither?' A moment's
reflection seemed to make this all clear and explain
at the same time, though in a disquieting way, the
singular character with which my fancy had invested
all that I saw or heard. I was ill. I remembered now
that I had been prostrated by a sudden fever,
and that my family had told me that in my pe-
riods of delirium I had constantly cried out for lib-
erty and air, and had been held in bed to prevent
my escape out-of-doors. Now I had eluded the vigi-
lance of my attendants and had wandered hither
to--to where? I could not conjecture. Clearly I
was at a considerable distance from the city
where I dwelt--the ancient and famous city of
Carcosa.
  No signs of human life were anywhere visible
nor audible; no rising smoke, no watch-dog's bark,
no lowing of cattle, no shouts of children at play--
nothing but that dismal burial-place, with its air
of mystery and dread, due to my own disordered
brain. Was I not becoming again delirious, there
beyond human aid? Was it not indeed all an illusion
of my madness? I called aloud the names of my
wives and sons, reached out my hands in search of
theirs, even as I walked among the crumbling stones
and in the withered grass.
  A noise behind me caused me to turn about. A
wild animal--a lynx--was approaching. The
thought came to me: if I break down here in the
desert--if the fever return and I fail, this beast
will be at my throat. I sprang toward it, shouting.
It trotted tranquilly by within a hand's-breadth of
me and disappeared behind a rock.
  A moment later a man's head appeared to rise
out of the ground a short distance away. He was
ascending the farther slope of a low hill whose crest
was hardly to be distinguished from the general
level. His whole figure soon came into view against
the background of grey cloud. He was half naked,
half clad in skins. His hair was unkempt, his beard
long and ragged. In one hand he carried a bow and
arrow; the other held a blazing torch with a long
trail of black smoke. He walked slowly and with
caution, as if he feared falling into some open grave
concealed by the tall grass. This strange apparition
surprised but did not alarm, and taking such a course
as to intercept him I met him almost face to face,
accosting him with the familiar salutation, 'God
keep you.'
  He gave no heed, nor did he arrest his pace.
  'Good stranger,' I continued, 'I am ill and lost.
Direct me, I beseech you, to Carcosa.'
  The man broke into a barbarous chant in an un-
known tongue, passing on and away.
  An owl on the branch of a decayed tree hooted
dismally and was answered by another in the dis-
tance. Looking upward, I saw through a sudden rift
in the clouds Aldebaran and the Hyades! In all this
there was a hint of night--the lynx, the man with
the torch, the owl. Yet I saw--I saw even the stars
in absence of the darkness. I saw, but was apparently
not seen nor heard. Under what awful spell did
I exist?
  I seated myself at the root of a great tree, seri-
ously to consider what it were best to do. That I was
mad I could no longer doubt, yet recognized a ground
of doubt in the conviction. Of fever I had no trace.
I had, withal, a sense of exhilaration and vigour
altogether unknown to me--a feeling of mental
and physical exaltation. My senses seemed all alert;
I could feel the air as a ponderous substance; I could
hear the silence.
  A great root of the giant tree against whose trunk
I leaned as I sat held enclosed in its grasp a slab of
stone, a part of which protruded into a recess formed
by another root. The stone was thus partly protected
from the weather, though greatly decomposed. Its
edges were worn round, its corners eaten away, its
surface deeply furrowed and scaled. Glittering par-
ticles of mica were visible in the earth about it--
vestiges of its decomposition. This stone had ap-
parently marked the grave out of which the tree
had sprung ages ago. The tree's exacting roots had
robbed the grave and made the stone a prisoner.
  A sudden wind pushed some dry leaves and twigs
from the uppermost face of the stone; I saw the low-
relief letters of an inscription and bent to read it.
God in heaven! my name in full!--the date of my
birth!--the date of my death!
  A level shaft of light illuminated the whole side
of the tree as I sprang to my feet in terror. The sun
was rising in the rosy east. I stood between the tree
and his broad red disk--no shadow darkened the
trunk!
  A chorus of howling wolves saluted the dawn. I
saw them sitting on their haunches, singly and in
groups, on the summits of irregular mounds and
tumuli filling a half of my desert prospect and ex-
tending to the horizon. And then I knew that
these were ruins of the ancient and famous city of
Carcosa.
  Such are the facts imparted to the medium Bay-
rolles by the spirit Hoseib Alar Robardin.


THE STRANGER

A MAN stepped out of the darkness into the little
illuminated circle about our failing camp-fire and
seated himself upon a rock.
  'You are not the first to explore this region,' he
said gravely.
  Nobody controverted his statement; he was him-
self proof of its truth, for he was not of our party and
must have been somewhere near when we camped.
Moreover, he must have companions not far away;
it was not a place where one would be living or trav-
elling alone. For more than a week we had seen, be-
sides ourselves and our animals, only such living
things as rattlesnakes and horned toads. In an Ari-
zona desert one does not long coexist with only such
creatures as these: one must have pack animals, sup-
plies, arms--'an outfit.' And all these imply com-
rades. It was perhaps a doubt as to what manner
of men this unceremonious stranger's comrades
might be, together with something in his words in-
terpretable as a challenge that caused every man
of our half-dozen 'gentlemen adventurers' to rise
to a sitting posture and lay his hand upon a weapon
--an act signifying, in that time and place, a policy
of expectation. The stranger gave the matter no
attention and began again to speak in the same
deliberate, uninflected monotone in which he had
delivered his first sentence:
  'Thirty years ago Ramon Gallegos, William Shaw,
George W. Kent, and Berry Davis, all of Tucson,
crossed the Santa Catalina mountains and travelled
due west, as nearly as the configuration of the coun-
try permitted. We were prospecting and it was our
intention, if we found nothing, to push through to the
Gila river at some point near Big Bend, where we
understood there was a settlement. We had a good
outfit, but no guide--just Ramon Gallegos, William
Shaw, George W. Kent, and Berry Davis.'
  The man repeated the names slowly and distinctly,
as if to fix them in the memories of his audience,
every member of which was now attentively observ-
ing him, but with a slackened apprehension regard-
ing his possible companions somewhere in the dark-
ness that seemed to enclose us like a black wall; in
the manner of this volunteer historian was no sug-
gestion of an unfriendly purpose. His act was rather
that of a harmless lunatic than an enemy. We were
not so new to the country as not to know that the
solitary life of many a plainsman had a tendency
to develop eccentricities of conduct and character
not always easily distinguishable from mental aber-
ration. A man is like a tree: in a forest of his fellows
he will grow as straight as his generic and individual
nature permits; alone in the open, he yields to the
deforming stresses and tortions that environ him.
Some such thoughts were in my mind as I watched
the man from the shadow of my hat, pulled low to
shut out the firelight. A witless fellow, no doubt, but
what could he be doing there in the heart of a
desert?
  Having undertaken to tell this story, I wish that
I could describe the man's appearance; that would
be a natural thing to do. Unfortunately, and some-
what strangely, I find myself unable to do so with
any degree of confidence, for afterward no two of
us agreed as to what he wore and how he looked;
and when I try to set down my own impressions they
elude me. Anyone can tell some kind of story;
narration is one of the elemental powers of the race.
But the talent for description is a gift.
  Nobody having broken silence the visitor went on
to say:
  'This country was not then what it is now. There
was not a ranch between the Gila and the Gulf.
There was a little game here and there in the moun-
tains, and near the infrequent water-holes grass
enough to keep our animals from starvation. If we
should be so fortunate as to encounter no Indians we
might get through. But within a week the purpose of
the expedition had altered from discovery of wealth
to preservation of life. We had gone too far to go
back, for what was ahead could be no worse than
what was behind; so we pushed on, riding by night
to avoid Indians and the intolerable heat, and con-
cealing ourselves by day as best we could. Some-
times, having exhausted our supply of wild meat
and emptied our casks, we were days without food
or drink; then a water-hole or a shallow pool in
the bottom of an arroyo so restored our strength
and sanity that we were able to shoot some of the
wild animals that sought it also. Sometimes it was
a bear, sometimes an antelope, a coyote, a cougar--
that was as God pleased; all were food.
  'One morning as we skirted a mountain range,
seeking a practicable pass, we were attacked by a
band of Apaches who had followed our trail up a
gulch--it is not far from here. Knowing that they
outnumbered us ten to one, they took none of their
usual cowardly precautions, but dashed upon us
at a gallop, firing and yelling. Fighting was out of
the question: we urged our feeble animals up the
gulch as far as there was footing for a hoof, then
threw ourselves out of our saddles and took to the
chaparral on one of the slopes, abandoning our en-
tire outfit to the enemy. But we retained our rifles,
every man--Ramon Gallegos, William Shaw,
George W. Kent, and Berry Davis.'
  'Same old crowd,' said the humorist of our party.
He was an Eastern man, unfamiliar with the decent
observances of social intercourse. A gesture of dis-
approval from our leader silenced him, and the
stranger proceeded with his tale:
  'The savages dismounted also, and some of them
ran up the gulch beyond the point at which we had
left it, cutting off further retreat in that direction and
forcing us on up the side. Unfortunately the chapar-
ral extended only a short distance up the slope, and
as we came into the open ground above we took
the fire of a dozen rifles; but Apaches shoot badly
when in a hurry, and God so willed it that none of us
fell. Twenty yards up the slope, beyond the edge
of the brush, were vertical cliffs, in which, directly
in front of us, was a narrow opening. Into that we
ran, finding ourselves in a cavern about as large
as an ordinary room in a house. Here for a time we
were safe: a single man with a repeating rifle could
defend the entrance against all the Apaches in
the land. But against hunger and thirst we had
no defence. Courage we still had, but hope was a
memory.
  'Not one of those Indians did we afterward see,
but by the smoke and glare of their fires in the gulch
we knew that by day and by night they watched
with ready rifles in the edge of the bush--knew that
if we made a sortie not a man of us would live to
take three steps into the open. For three days, watch-
ing in turn, we held out before our suffering became
insupportable. Then--It was the morning of the
fourth day--Ramon Gallegos said:
  '"Senores, I know not well of the good God and
what please Him. I have live without religion, and
I am not acquaint with that of you. Pardon, senores,
if I shock you, but for me the time is come to beat
the game of the Apache."
  'He knelt upon the rock floor of the cave and
pressed his pistol against his temple. "Madre de
Dios," he said, "comes now the soul of Ramon
Gallegos."
  'And so he left us--William Shaw, George W.
Kent, and Berry Davis.
  'I was the leader: it was for me to speak.
  '"He was a brave man," I said--"he knew
when to die, and how. It is foolish to go mad from
thirst and fall by Apache bullets, or be skinned
alive--it is in bad taste. Let us join Ramon
Gallegos."
  '"That is right," said William Shaw.
  '"That is right," said George W. Kent.
  'I straightened the limbs of Ramon Gallegos and
put a handkerchief over his face. Then William
Shaw said: "I should like to look like that--a little
while."
  'And George W. Kent said that he felt that way,
too.
  '"It shall be so," I said: "the red devils will
wait a week. William Shaw and George W. Kent,
draw and kneel."
  'They did so and I stood before them.
  '" Almighty God, our Father," said I.
  '"Almighty God, our Father," said William
Shaw.
  '"Almighty God, our Father," said George W.
Kent.
  '"Forgive us our sins," said I.
  '"Forgive us our sins," said they.
  '"And receive our souls."
  '"And receive our souls."
  '"Amen!"
  '"Amen!"
  'I laid them beside Ramon Gallegos and covered
their faces.'
  There was a quick commotion on the opposite
side of the camp-fire: one of our party had sprung
to his feet, pistol in hand.
  'And you!' he shouted--'you dared to escape?
--you dare to be alive? You cowardly hound, I'll
send you to join them if I hang for it!'
  But with the leap of a panther the captain was
upon him, grasping his wrist. 'Hold it in, Sam
Yountsey, hold it in!'
  We were now all upon our feet--except the
stranger, who sat motionless and apparently inat-
tentive. Some one seized Yountsey's other arm.
  'Captain,' I said, 'there is something wrong here.
This fellow is either a lunatic or merely a liar--just
a plain, everyday liar whom Yountsey has no call
to kill. If this man was of that party it had five
members, one of whom--probably himself--he
has not named.'
  'Yes,' said the captain, releasing the insur-
gent, who sat down, 'there is something--unusual.
Years ago four dead bodies of white men, scalped
and shamefully mutilated, were found about the
mouth of that cave. They are buried there; I
have seen the graves--we shall all see them to-
morrow.'
  The stranger rose, standing tall in the light of the
expiring fire, which in our breathless attention to
his story we had neglected to keep going.
  'There were four,' he said--'Ramon Gallegos,
William Shaw, George W. Kent, and Berry Davis.'
  With this reiterated roll-call of the dead he
walked into the darkness and we saw him no more.
At that moment one of our party, who had been
on guard, strode in among us, rifle in hand and
somewhat excited.
  'Captain,' he said, 'for the last half-hour three
men have been standing out there on the mesa.'
He pointed in the direction taken by the stranger.
'I could see them distinctly, for the moon is up,
but as they had no guns and I had them covered
with mine I thought it was their move. They have
made none, but damn it! they have got on to my
nerves.'
  'Go back to your post, and stay till you see them
again,' said the captain. 'The rest of you lie down
again, or I'll kick you all into the fire.'
  The sentinel obediently withdrew, swearing, and
did not return. As we were arranging our blankets
the fiery Yountsey said: 'I beg your pardon, Cap-
tain, but who the devil do you take them to be? '
  'Ramon Gallegos, William Shaw, and George W.
Kent.'
  'But how about Berry Davis? I ought to have shot
him.'
  'Quite needless; you couldn't have made him any
deader. Go to sleep.'


[End.]
.


     THE CANTERBURY TALES by GEOFFREY CHAUCER.
     
     This edition edited and digitized by Ted & 
     Florence Daniel, NEW WAVE PUBLISHERS, 
     2103 N. LIBERTY ST., PORTLAND, OR 97217.

     Posted in July 1993.

     This file is in the PUBLIC DOMAIN.


     THE CANTERBURY TALES
     by GEOFFREY CHAUCER
     
     GROUP A
     
     PROLOGUE
     
     Here bygynneth the Book of the tales of Caunterbury.
     
     Whan that Aprille, with hise shoures soote,
     The droghte of March hath perced to the roote
     And bathed every veyne in swich licour,
     Of which vertu engendred is the flour;
     Whan Zephirus eek with his swete breeth
     
     Inspired hath in every holt and heeth
     The tendre croppes, and the yonge sonne
     Hath in the Ram his halfe cours yronne,
     And smale foweles maken melodye,
     That slepen al the nyght with open eye-
     
     So priketh hem Nature in hir corages-
     Thanne longen folk to goon on pilgrimages
     And palmeres for to seken straunge strondes
     To ferne halwes, kowthe in sondry londes;
     And specially, from every shires ende
     
     Of Engelond, to Caunturbury they wende,
     The hooly blisful martir for the seke
     That hem hath holpen, whan that they were seeke.
        Bifil that in that seson, on a day,
     In Southwerk at the Tabard as I lay,
     
     Redy to wenden on my pilgrymage
     To Caunterbury, with ful devout corage,
     At nyght were come into that hostelrye
     Wel nyne and twenty in a compaignye
     Of sondry folk, by aventure yfalle
     
     In felaweshipe, and pilgrimes were they alle,
     That toward Caunterbury wolden ryde.
     The chambres and the stables weren wyde,
     And wel we weren esed atte beste;
     And shortly, whan the sonne was to reste,
     
     So hadde I spoken with hem everychon
     That I was of hir felaweshipe anon,
     And made forward erly for to ryse
     To take our wey, ther as I yow devyse.
        But nathelees, whil I have tyme and space,
     
     Er that I ferther in this tale pace,
     Me thynketh it acordaunt to resoun
     To telle yow al the condicioun
     Of ech of hem, so as it semed me,
     And whiche they weren, and of what degree,
     
     And eek in what array that they were inne;
     And at a knyght than wol I first bigynne.
        A knyght ther was, and that a worthy man,
     That fro the tyme that he first bigan
     To riden out, he loved chivalrie,
     
     Trouthe and honour, fredom and curteisie.
     Ful worthy was he in his lordes werre,
     
     And therto hadde he riden, no man ferre,
     As wel in Cristendom as in Hethenesse,
     And evere honoured for his worthynesse.
     
        At Alisaundre he was, whan it was wonne;
     Ful ofte tyme he hadde the bord bigonne
     Aboven alle nacions in Pruce;
     In Lettow hadde he reysed, and in Ruce,
     No cristen man so ofte of his degree.
     
     In Gernade at the seege eek hadde he be
     Of Algezir, and riden in Belmarye;
     At Lyeys was he, and at Satalye,
     Whan they were wonne; and in the Grete See
     At many a noble arive hadde he be.
     
     At mortal batailles hadde he been fiftene,
     And foughten for oure feith at Tramyssene
     In lystes thries, and ay slayn his foo.
     This ilke worthy knyght hadde been also
     Somtyme with the lord of Palatye
     
     Agayn another hethen in Turkye,
     And everemoore he hadde a sovereyn prys.
     And though that he were worthy, he was wys,
     And of his port as meeke as is a mayde;
     He nevere yet no vileynye ne sayde
     
     In al his lyf unto no maner wight;
     He was a verray parfit gentil knyght.
        But for to tellen yow of his array,
     His hors weren goode, but he was nat gay.
     Of fustian he wered a gypoun,
     
     Al bismotered with his habergeoun;
     For he was late ycome from his viage,
     And wente for to doon his pilgrymage.
        With hym ther was his sone, a yong Squier,
     A lovyere and a lusty bacheler,
     
     With lokkes crulle, as they were leyd in presse.
     Of twenty yeer of age he was, I gesse.
     Of his stature he was of evene lengthe,
     And wonderly delyvere, and of greet strengthe.
     And he hadde been somtyme in chyvachie
     
     In Flaundres, in Artoys, and Pycardie,
     And born hym weel, as of so litel space,
     In hope to stonden in his lady grace.
     Embrouded was he, as it were a meede,
     Al ful of fresshe floures whyte and reede;
     
     Syngynge he was, or floytynge, al the day,
     He was as fressh as is the monthe of May.
     Short was his gowne, with sleves longe and wyde.
     Wel koude he sitte on hors, and faire ryde,
     He koude songes make, and wel endite,
     
     Juste, and eek daunce, and weel purtreye and write.
     So hoote he lovede, that by nyghtertale
     He slepte namoore than dooth a nyghtyngale.
     Curteis he was, lowely, and servysable,
     And carf biforn his fader at the table.
     
        A Yeman hadde he, and servantz namo
     At that tyme, for hym liste ride soo;
     And he was clad in cote and hood of grene,
     A sheef of pecok arwes bright and kene
     Under his belt he bar ful thriftily-
     
     Wel koude he dresse his takel yemanly,
     Hise arwes drouped noght with fetheres lowe-
     And in his hand he baar a myghty bowe.
     A not -heed hadde he, with a broun visage,
     Of woodecraft wel koude he al the usage.
     
     Upon his arm he baar a gay bracer,
     And by his syde a swerd and a bokeler,
     And on that oother syde a gay daggere,
     Harneised wel, and sharpe as point of spere.
     A Cristophere on his brest of silver sheene,
     
     An horn he bar, the bawdryk was of grene.
     A Forster was he, soothly, as I gesse.
        Ther was also a Nonne, a Prioresse,
     That of hir smylyng was ful symple and coy.
     Hir gretteste ooth was but by Seinte Loy,
     
     And she was cleped Madame Eglentyne.
     Ful weel she soong the service dyvyne,
     Entuned in hir nose ful semely;
     And Frenssh she spak ful faire and fetisly
     After the scole of Stratford-atte-Bowe,
     
     For Frenssh of Parys was to hir unknowe.
     At mete wel ytaught was she withalle;
     She leet no morsel from hir lippes falle,
     Ne wette hir fyngres in hir sauce depe.
     Wel koude she carie a morsel, and wel kepe
     
     That no drope ne fille upon hir brist.
     In curteisie was set ful muche hir list;
     Hire over-lippe wyped she so clene,
     That in hir coppe ther was no ferthyng sene
     Of grece, whan she dronken hadde hir draughte.
     
     Ful semely after hir mete she raughte;
     And sikerly, she was of greet desport,
     And ful plesaunt, and amyable of port,
     And peyned hir to countrefete cheere
     Of court, and been estatlich of manere,
     
     And to ben holden digne of reverence.
     But for to speken of hir conscience,
     She was so charitable and so pitous,
     She wolde wepe, if that she saugh a mous
     Kaught in a trappe, if it were deed or bledde.
     
     Of smale houndes hadde she, that she fedde
     
     With rosted flessh, or milk and wastel-breed.
     But soore weep she if oon of hem were deed,
     Or if men smoot it with a yerde smerte;
     And al was conscience, and tendre herte.
     
     Ful semyly hir wympul pynched was,
     Hire nose tretys, hir eyen greye as glas,
     Hir mouth ful smal, and therto softe and reed;
     But sikerly, she hadde a fair forheed,
     It was almoost a spanne brood, I trowe,
     
     For, hardily, she was nat undergrowe.
     Ful fetys was hir cloke, as I was war;
     Of smal coral aboute hir arm she bar
     A peire of bedes, gauded al with grene,
     An theron heng a brooch of gold ful sheene,
     
     On which ther was first write a crowned `A,'
     And after,`Amor vincit omnia.'
     Another Nonne with hir hadde she,
     That was hire Chapeleyne, and preestes thre.
        A Monk ther was, a fair for the maistrie,
     
     An outridere, that lovede venerie,
     A manly man, to been an abbot able.
     Ful many a deyntee hors hadde he in stable;
     And whan he rood, men myghte his brydel heere
     Gynglen in a whistlynge wynd als cleere,
     
     And eek as loude, as dooth the chapel belle,
     Ther as this lord was keper of the celle.
     The reule of Seint Maure, or of Seint Beneit,
     Bycause that it was old and somdel streit-
     This ilke Monk leet olde thynges pace,
     
     And heeld after the newe world the space.
     He yaf nat of that text a pulled hen,
     That seith that hunters beth nat hooly men,
     Ne that a monk, whan he is recchelees,
     Is likned til a fissh that is waterlees-
     
     This is to seyn, a monk out of his cloystre-
     But thilke text heeld he nat worth an oystre!
     And I seyde his opinioun was good,
     What sholde he studie, and make hymselven wood,
     Upon a book in cloystre alwey to poure,
     
     Or swynken with his handes and laboure
     As Austyn bit?  How shal the world be served?
     Lat Austyn have his swynk to him reserved;
     Therfore he was a prikasour aright,
     Grehoundes he hadde, as swift as fowel in flight;
     
     Of prikyng and of huntyng for the hare
     Was al his lust, for no cost wolde he spare.
     I seigh his sleves ypurfiled at the hond
     With grys, and that the fyneste of a lond;
     And for to festne his hood under his chyn
     
     He hadde of gold ywroght a curious pyn;
     A love-knotte in the gretter ende ther was.
     His heed was balled, that shoon as any glas,
     And eek his face, as it hadde been enoynt.
     He was a lord ful fat and in good poynt,
     
     Hise eyen stepe, and rollynge in his heed,
     That stemed as a forneys of a leed;
     His bootes souple, his hors in greet estaat;
     Now certeinly he was a fair prelaat!
     He was nat pale as a forpyned goost,
     
     A fat swan loved he best of any roost.
     His palfrey was as broun as is a berye,
        A Frere ther was, a wantowne and a merye,
     A lymytour, a ful solempne man,
     In alle the ordres foure is noon that kan
     
     So muchel of daliaunce and fair langage.
     He hadde maad ful many a mariage
     Of yonge wommen at his owene cost.
     Unto his ordre he was a noble post,
     And wel biloved and famulier was he
     
     With frankeleyns overal in his contree
     And eek with worthy wommen of the toun,
     For he hadde power of confessioun,
     As seyde hymself, moore than a curat,
     For of his ordre he was licenciat.
     
     Ful swetely herde he confessioun,
     And plesaunt was his a absolucioun,
     He was an esy man to yeve penaunce
     Ther as he wiste to have a good pitaunce;
     For unto a povre ordre for to yive
     
     Is signe that a man is wel yshryve;
     For, if he yaf, he dorste make avaunt,
     He wiste that a man was repentaunt.
     For many a man so harde is of his herte,
     He may nat wepe, al thogh hym soore smerte;
     
     Therfore, in stede of wepynge and preyeres,
     Men moote yeve silver to the povre freres.
     His typet was ay farsed ful of knyves
     And pynnes, for to yeven yonge wyves.
     And certeinly he hadde a murye note,
     
     Wel koude he synge, and pleyen on a rote,
     Of yeddynges he baar outrely the pris.
     His nekke whit was as the flour delys;
     Therto he strong was as a champioun,
     He knew the tavernes wel in every toun
     
     And everich hostiler and tappestere
     Bet than a lazar or a beggestere.
     For unto swich a worthy man as he
     Acorded nat, as by his facultee,
     To have with sike lazars aqueyntaunce;
     
     It is nat honeste, it may nat avaunce,
     For to deelen with no swich poraille,
     But al with riche and selleres of vitaille;
     And overal, ther as profit sholde arise,
     Curteis he was, and lowely of servyse.
     
     Ther nas no man nowher so vertuous;
     He was the beste beggere in his hous,
     (And yaf a certeyn ferme for the graunt
     Noon of his brethren cam ther in his haunt;)
     For thogh a wydwe hadde noght a sho,
     So plesaunt was his `In principio'
     Yet wolde he have a ferthyng er he wente;
     
     His purchas was wel bettre than his rente.
     And rage he koude, as it were right a whelpe;
     In love-dayes ther koude he muchel helpe;
     For there he was nat lyk a cloysterer,
     With a thredbare cope, as is a povre scoler,
     
     But he was lyk a maister or a pope;
     Of double worstede was his semycope,
     That rounded as a belle out of the presse.
     Somwhat he lipsed for his wantownesse
     To make his Englissh sweete upon his tonge,
     

     And in his harpyng, whan that he hadde songe,
     Hise eyen twynkled in his heed aryght
     As doon the sterres in the frosty nyght.
     This worthy lymytour was cleped Huberd.
        A Marchant was ther, with a forkek berd,
     
     In mottelee, and hye on horse he sat,
     Upon his heed a Flaundryssh bevere hat,
     His bootes clasped faire and fetisly.
     Hise resons he spak ful solempnely,
     Sownynge alway thencrees of his wynnyng.
     
     He wolde the see were kept for any thyng
     Bitwixe Middelburgh and Orewelle.
     Wel koude he in eschaunge sheeldes selle.
     This worthy man ful wel his wit bisette;
     Ther wiste no wight that he was in dette,
     
     So estatly was he of his governaunce,
     With his bargaynes and with his chevyssaunce.
     Forsothe, he was a worthy man with-alle,
     But, sooth to seyn, I noot how men hym calle.
        A Clerk ther was of Oxenford also,
     
     That unto logyk hadde longe ygo.
     As leene was his hors as is a rake,
     And he nas nat right fat, I undertake,
     But looked holwe and therto sobrely.
     Ful thredbare was his overeste courtepy,
     
     For he hadde geten hym yet no benefice,
     Ne was so worldly for to have office,
     For hym was levere have at his beddes heed
     Twenty bookes, clad in blak or reed,
     Of Aristotle and his plilosophie,
     
     Than robes riche, or fithele, or gay sautrie.
     But al be that he was a philosophre,
     Yet hadde he but litel gold in cofre;
     But al that he myghte of his freendes hente,
     On bookes and his lernynge he it spente,
     
     And bisily gan for the soules preye
     Of hem that yaf hym wherwith to scoleye.
     Of studie took he moost cure and moost heede,
     Noght o word spak he moore than was neede,
     And that was seyd in forme and reverence,
     
     And short and quyk, and ful of hy sentence.
     Sownynge in moral vertu was his speche,
     And gladly wolde he lerne, and gladly teche.
        A Sergeant of the Lawe, war and wys,
     That often hadde been at the parvys,
     
     Ther was also, ful riche of excellence.
     Discreet he was, and of greet reverence,-
     He semed swich, hise wordes weren so wise.
     Justice he was ful often in assise,
     By patente, and by pleyn commissioun.
     
     For his science, and for his heigh renoun,
     Of fees and robes hadde he many oon.
     So greet a purchasour was nowher noon,
     Al was fee symple to hym in effect,
     His purchasyng myghte nat been infect.
     

     Nowher so bisy a man as he ther nas,
     And yet he semed bisier than he was;
     In termes hadde he caas and doomes alle,
     That from the tyme of Kyng William were falle.
     Therto he koude endite, and make a thyng,
     
     Ther koude no wight pynche at his writyng.
     And every statut koude he pleyn by rote.
     He rood but hoomly in a medlee cote
     Girt with a ceint of silk, with barres smale;-
     Of his array telle I no lenger tale.
     
        A Frankeleyn was in his compaignye;
     Whit was his berd as is a dayesye.
     Of his complexioun he was sangwyn.
     Wel loved he by the morwe a sope in wyn,
     To lyven in delit was evere his wone;
     
     For he was Epicurus owene sone,
     That heeld opinioun that pleyn delit
     Was verraily felicitee parfit,
     An housholdere, and that a greet, was he;
     Seint Julian was he in his contree.
     
     His breed, his ale, was alweys after oon,
     A bettre envyned man was nowher noon.
     Withoute bake mete was nevere his hous,
     Of fissh and flessh, and that so plentevous,
     It snewed in his hous of mete and drynke,
     
     Of alle deyntees that men koude thynke.
     After the sondry sesons of the yeer
     So chaunged he his mete and his soper.
     Ful many a fat partrich hadde he in muwe,
     And many a breem and many a luce in stuwe.
     
     Wo was his cook, but if his sauce were
     Poynaunt, and sharp, and redy al his geere.
     His table dormant in his halle alway
     Stood redy covered al the longe day.
     At sessiouns ther was he lord and sire;
     
     Ful ofte tyme he was knyght of the shire.
     An anlaas and a gipser al of silk
     Heeng at his girdel, whit as morne milk.
     A shirreve hadde he been, and a countour,
     Was nowher swich a worthy vavasour.
     
        An Haberdasshere and a Carpenter,
     A Webbe, a Dyere, and a Tapycer-
     And they were clothed alle in o lyveree
     Of a solempne and a greet fraternitee.
     Ful fressh and newe hir geere apiked was,
     
     Hir knyves were chaped noght with bras,
     But al with silver wroght ful clene and weel,
     Hir girdles and hir pouches everydeel.
     Wel semed ech of hem a fair burgeys
     To sitten in a yeldehalle on a deys.
     
     Everich for the wisdom that he kan
     Was shaply for to been an alderman;
     For catel hadde they ynogh, and rente,
     And eek hir wyves wolde it wel assente-
     And eles, certeyn, were they to blame!
     

     It is ful fair to been ycleped `ma Dame,'
     And goon to vigilies al bifore,
     And have a mantel roialliche ybore.
        A Cook they hadde with hem for the nones,
     To boille the chiknes with the marybones,
     
     And poudre-marchant tart, and galyngale.
     Wel koude he knowe a draughte of London ale;
     He koude rooste, and sethe, and broille, and frye,
     Maken mortreux, and wel bake a pye.
     But greet harm was it, as it thoughte me,
     
     That on his shyne a mormal hadde he!
     For blankmanger, that made he with the beste.
        A Shipman was ther, wonynge fer by weste;
     For aught I woot, he was of Dertemouthe.
     He rood upon a rouncy, as he kouthe,
     
     In a gowne of faldyng to the knee.
     A daggere hangynge on a laas hadde he
     Aboute his nekke, under his arm adoun.
     The hoote somer hadde maad his hewe al broun,
     And certeinly he was a good felawe.
     
     Ful many a draughte of wyn had he ydrawe
     Fro Burdeuxward, whil that the chapman sleep.
     Of nyce conscience took he no keep;
     If that he faught, and hadde the hyer hond,
     By water he sente hem hoom to every lond.
     
     But of his craft, to rekene wel his tydes,
     His stremes, and his daungers hym bisides,
     His herberwe and his moone, his lodemenage,
     Ther nas noon swich from Hulle to Cartage.
     Hardy he was, and wys to undertake,
     
     With many a tempest hadde his berd been shake;
     He knew alle the havenes as they were
     From Gootlond to the Cape of Fynystere,
     And every cryke in Britaigne and in Spayne.
     His barge yeleped was the Maudelayne.
     
        With us ther was a Doctour of Phisik;
     In al this world ne was ther noon hym lik,
     To speke of phisik and of surgerye;
     For he was grounded in astronomye.
     He kepte his pacient a ful greet deel
     
     In houres, by his magyk natureel.
     Wel koude he fortunen the ascendent
     Of hisc ymages for his pacient.
     He knew the cause of everich maladye,
     Were it of hoot or coold, or moyste, or drye,
     
     And where they engendred, and of what humour.
     He was a verray parfit praktisour;
     The cause yknowe, and of his harm the roote,
     Anon he yaf the sike man his boote.
     Ful redy hadde he hise apothecaries
     
     To sende him drogges and his letuaries,
     For ech of hem made oother for to wynne,
     Hir frendshipe nas nat newe to bigynne.
     Wel knew he the olde Esculapius,
     And Deyscorides and eek Rufus,
     

     Olde Ypocras, Haly, and Galyen,
     Serapioun, Razis, and Avycen,
     Averrois, Damascien, and Constantyn,
     Bernard, and Gatesden, and Gilbertyn.
     Of his diete mesurable was he,
     
     For it was of no superfluitee,
     But of greet norissyng, and digestible.
     His studie was but litel on the Bible.
     In sangwyn and in pers he clad was al,
     Lyned with taffata and with sendal-
     
     And yet he was but esy of dispence;
     He kepte that he wan in pestilence.
     For gold in phisik is a cordial,
     Therfore he lovede gold in special.
        A good wif was ther, of biside Bathe,
     
     He was to synful man nat despitous,
     Ne of his speche daungerous ne digne,
     But in his techyng discreet and benygne;
     To drawen folk to hevene by fairnesse,
     By good ensample, this was his bisynesse.
     
     But it were any persone obstinat,
     What so he were, of heigh or lough estat,
     Hym wolde he snybben sharply for the nonys.
     A bettre preest, I trowe, that nowher noon ys.
     He waited after no pompe and reverence,
     
     Ne maked him a spiced conscience,
     But Cristes loore, and Hise apostles twelve
     He taughte, but first he folwed it hym-selve.
        With hym ther was a Plowman, was his brother,
     That hadde ylad of dong ful many a fother.
     
     A trewe swybnker and a good was he,
     Lyvynge in pees and parfit charitee.
     God loved he best with al his hoole herte
     At alle tymes, thogh him gamed or smerte,
     And thanne his neighebore right as hym-selve;
     
     He wolde thresshe, and therto dyke and delve,
     For Cristes sake, for every povre wight
     Withouten hire, if it lay in his myght.
     Hise tithes payed he ful faire and wel,
     Bothe of his propre swynk and his catel.
     
     In a tabard he rood, upon a mere.
        Ther was also a Reve and a Millere,
     A Somnour and a Pardoner also,
     A Maunciple, and myself, ther were namo.
     The Millere was a stout carl for the nones,
     
     Ful byg he was of brawn and eek of bones-
     That proved wel, for overal ther he cam
     At wrastlyng he wolde have alwey the ram.
     He was short-sholdred, brood, a thikke knarre,
     Ther was no dore that he nolde heve of harre,
     
     Or breke it at a rennyng with his heed.
     His berd as any sowe or fox was reed,
     And therto brood, as though it were a spade.
     Upon the cop right of his nose he hade
     A werte, and thereon stood a toft of heres
     

     Reed as the brustles of a sowes eres;
     Hise nosethirles blake were and wyde.
     A swerd and bokeler bar he by his syde.
     His mouth as greet was as a greet forneys,
     He was a janglere and a goliardeys,
     
     And that was moost of synne and harlotries.
     Wel koude he stelen corn, and tollen thries,
     And yet he hadde a thombe of gold, pardee.
     A whit cote and a blew hood wered he.
     A baggepipe wel koude he blowe and sowne,
     
     And therwithal he broghte us out of towne.
        A gentil Maunciple was ther of a temple,
     Of which achatours myghte take exemple
     For to be wise in byynge of vitaille;
     For wheither that he payde or took by taille,
     
     Algate he wayted so in his achaat
     That he was ay biforn, and in good staat.
     Now is nat that of God a ful fair grace,
     That swich a lewed mannes wit shal pace
     The wisdom of an heep of lerned men?
     
     Of maistres hadde he mo than thries ten,
     That weren of lawe expert and curious,
     Of whiche ther weren a duszeyne in that hous
     Worthy to been stywardes of rente and lond
     Of any lord that is in Engelond,
     
     To maken hym lyve by his propre good,
     In honour dettelees, but if he were wood;
     Or lyve as scarsly as hym list desire,
     And able for to helpen al a shire
     In any caas that myghte falle or happe-
     
     And yet this manciple sette hir aller cappe!
        The Reve was a sclendre colerik man;
     His berd was shave as ny as ever he kan,
     His heer was by his erys ful round yshorn,
     His top was dokked lyk a preest biforn.
     
     Ful longe were his legges, and ful lene,
     Ylyk a staf, ther was no calf ysene.
     Wel koude he kepe a gerner and a bynne,
     Ther was noon auditour koude on him wynne.
     Wel wiste he, by the droghte, and by the reyn,
     
     The yeldynge of his seed and of his greyn.
     His lordes sheep, his neet, his dayerye,
     His swyn, his hors, his stoor, and his pultrye,
     Was hooly in this reves governyng
     And by his covenant yaf the rekenyng,
     
     Syn that his lord was twenty yeer of age;
     Ther koude no man brynge hym in arrerage.
     Ther nas baillif, ne hierde, nor oother hyne,
     That he ne knew his sleighte and his covyne,
     They were adrad of hym as of the deeth.
     
     His wonyng was ful faire upon an heeth,
     With grene trees shadwed was his place.
     He koude bettre than his lord purchace.
     Ful riche he was astored pryvely;
     His lord wel koude he plesen subtilly
     

     To yeve and lene hym of his owene good,
     And have a thank, and yet a cote and hook.
     In youthe he hadde lerned a good myster,
     He was a wel good wrighte, a carpenter.
     This reve sat upon a ful good stot,
     
     That was al pomely grey, and highte Scot.
     A long surcote of pers upon he hade,
     And by his syde he baar a rusty blade.
     Of Northfolk was this reve, of which I telle,
     Bisyde a toun men clepen Baldeswelle.
     
     Tukked he was, as is a frere, aboute,
     And evere he rood the hyndreste of oure route.
        A Somonour was ther with us in that place,
     That hadde a fyr-reed cherubynnes face,
     For sawcefleem he was, with eyen narwe.
     
     As hoot he was, and lecherous, as a sparwe,
     With scalled browes blake, and piled berd,
     Of his visage children were aferd.
     Ther nas quyk-silver, lytarge, ne brymstoon,
     Boras, ceruce, ne oille of tartre noon,
     
     Ne oynement, that wolde clense and byte,
     That hym myghte helpen of his wheldes white,
     Nor of the knobbes sittynge on his chekes.
     Wel loved he garleek, oynons, and eek lekes,
     And for to drynken strong wyn, reed as blood;
     
     Thanne wolde he speke and crie as he were wood.
     And whan that he wel dronken hadde the wyn,
     Than wolde he speke no word but Latyn.
     A fewe termes hadde he, two or thre,
     That he had lerned out of som decree-
     
     No wonder is, he herde it al the day,
     And eek ye knowen wel how that a jay
     Kan clepen `watte' as wel as kan the Pope.
     But who so koude in oother thyng hym grope,
     Thanne hadde he spent al his plilosophie;
     
     Ay `questio quid juris' wolde he crie.
     He was a gentil harlot and a kynde,
     A bettre felawe sholde men noght fynde;
     He wolde suffre, for a quart of wyn,
     A good felawe to have his concubyn
     
     A twelf-monthe, and excuse hym atte fulle-
     Ful prively a fynch eek koude he pulle.
     And if he foond owher a good felawe,
     He wolde techen him to have noon awe,
     In swich caas, of the erchedekeness curs,
     
     But if a mannes soule were in his purs;
     For in his purs he sholde ypunysshed be,
     `Purs is the erchedekenes helle,' seyde he.
     But wel I woot he lyed right in dede;
     Of cursyng oghte ech gilty man him drede-
     
     For curs wol slee, right as assoillyng savith-
     And also war him of a Significavit.
     In daunger hadde he at his owene gise
     The yonge girles of the diocise,
     And knew hir conseil, and was al hir reed.
     

     A gerland hadde he set upon his heed
     As greet as it were for an ale-stake;
     A bokeleer hadde he maad him of a cake.
        With hym ther rood a gentil Pardoner
     Of Rouncivale, his freend and his compeer,
     
     That streight was comen fro the court of Rome.
     Ful loude he soong `com hider, love, to me.'
     This Somonour bar to hym a stif burdoun,
     Was nevere trompe of half so greet a soun.
     This Pardoner hadde heer as yelow as wex,
     
     But smothe it heeng as dooth a strike of flex;
     By ounces henge hise lokkes that he hadde,
     And therwith he hise shuldres overspradde;
     But thynne it lay by colpons oon and oon.
     But hood, for jolitee, wered he noon,
     
     For it was trussed up in his walet.
     Hym thoughte he rood al of the newe jet,
     Dischevele, save his cappe, he rood al bare.
     Swiche glarynge eyen hadde he as an hare.
     A vernycle hadde he sowed upon his cappe.
     
     His walet lay biforn hym in his lappe
     Bret-ful of pardoun come from Rome al hoot.
     A voys he hadde as smal as hath a goot,
     No berd hadde he, ne nevere sholde have,
     As smothe it was as it were late shave,
     
     I trowe he were a geldyng or a mare.
     But of his craft, fro Berwyk into Ware,
     Ne was ther swich another Pardoner;
     For in his male he hadde a pilwe-beer,
     Which that he seyde was Oure Lady veyl;
     
     He seyde, he hadde a gobet of the seyl
     That Seinte Peter hadde, whan that he wente
     Upon the see, til Jesu Crist hym hente.
     He hadde a croys of latoun, ful of stones,
     And in a glas he hadde pigges bones;
     
     But with thise relikes whan that he fond
     A povre persoun dwellyng up-on-lond,
     Upon a day he gat hym moore moneye
     Than that the person gat in monthes tweye,
     And thus with feyned flaterye and japes
     
     He made the persoun and the peple his apes.
     But trewely to tellen atte laste,
     He was in chirche a noble ecclesiaste;
     Wel koude he rede a lessoun or a storie,
     But alderbest he song an offertorie,
     
     For wel he wiste, whan that song was songe
     He moste preche, and wel affile his tonge;
     To wynne silver, as he ful wel koude,
     Therfore he song the murierly and loude.
        Now have I toold you shortly in a clause
     
     Thestaat, tharray, the nombre, and eek the cause
     Why that assembled was this compaignye
     In Southwerk, at this gentil hostelrye,
     That highte the Tabard, faste by the Belle.
     But now is tyme to yow for to telle
     

     How that we baren us that ilke nyght
     Whan we were in that hostelrie alyght,
     And after wol I telle of our viage,
     And all the remenaunt of oure pilgrimage.
     But first I pray yow, of youre curteisye,
     
     That ye narette it nat my vileynye,
     Thogh that I pleynly speke in this mateere
     To telle yow hir wordes and hir cheere,
     Ne thogh I speke hir wordes proprely.
     For this ye knowen also wel as I,
     
     Who-so shal telle a tale after a man,
     He moot reherce as ny as evere he kan
     Everich a word, if it be in his charge,
     Al speke he never so rudeliche or large;
     Or ellis he moot telle his tale untrewe,
     
     Or feyne thyng, or fynde wordes newe.
     He may nat spare, al thogh he were his brother,
     He moot as wel seye o word as another.
     Crist spak hym-self ful brode in Hooly Writ,
     And, wel ye woot, no vileynye is it.
     
     Eek Plato seith, who so kan hym rede,
     The wordes moote be cosyn to the dede.
     Also I prey yow to foryeve it me,
     Al have I nat set folk in hir degree
     Heere in this tale, as that they sholde stonde-
     
     My wit is short, ye may wel understonde.
     Greet chiere made oure hoost us everichon,
     And to the soper sette he us'anon.
     He served us with vitaille at the beste;
     Strong was the wyn, and wel to drynke us lestel
     
     A semely man oure Hooste was withalle
     For to been a marchal in an halle.
     A large man he was, with eyen stepe,
     A fairer burgeys was ther noon in Chepe;
     Boold of his speche, and wys, and well ytaught,
     
     And of manhod hym lakkede right naught.
     Eek therto he was right a myrie man;
     And after soper pleyen he bigan,
     And spak of myrthe amonges othere thynges,
     Whan that we hadde maad our rekenynges,
     
     And seyde thus: "Now lordynges, trewely,
     Ye been to me right welcome hertely,
     For by my trouthe, if that I shal nat lye,
     I saugh nat this yeer so myrie a compaignye
     Atones in this herberwe, as is now.
     
     Fayn wolde I doon yow myrthe, wiste I how-
     And of a myrthe I am right now bythoght
     To doon yow ese, and it shal coste noght.
     Ye goon to Caunterbury, God yow speede-
     The blisful martir quite yow youre meede-
     
     And wel I woot, as ye goon by the weye,
     Ye shapen yow to talen and to pleye,
     For trewely, confort ne myrthe is noon
     To ride by the weye doumb as stoon,
     And therfore wol I maken yow disport,
     

     As I seyde erst, and doon yow som confort;
     And if yow liketh alle by oon assent
     For to stonden at my juggement,
     And for to werken as I shal yow seye,
     To-morwe, whan ye riden by the weye,
     
     Now, by my fader soule that is deed,
     But ye be myrie I wol yeve yow myn heed!
     Hoold up youre hond, withouten moore speche."
     Oure conseil was nat longe for to seche-
     Us thoughte it was noght worth to make it wys-
     
     And graunted hym, withouten moore avys,
     And bad him seye his voirdit, as hym leste.
     "Lordynges," quod he, "now herkneth for the beste,
     But taak it nought, I prey yow, in desdeyn.
     This is the poynt, to speken short and pleyn,
     
     That ech of yow, to shorte with oure weye,
     In this viage shal telle tales tweye,
     To Caunterburyward I mene it so,
     And homward he shal tellen othere two,
     Of aventures that whilom han bifalle.
     
     And which of yow that bereth hym best of alle-
     That is to seyn, that telleth in this caas
     Tales of best sentence and moost solaas-
     Shal have a soper at oure aller cost,
     Heere in this place, sittynge by this post,
     
     Whan that we come agayn fro Caunterbury.
     And for to make yow the moore mury
     I wol my-selven goodly with yow ryde
     Right at myn owene cost, and be youre gyde.
     And who so wole my juggement withseye
     
     Shal paye al that we spenden by the weye.
     And if ye vouchesauf that it be so,
     Tel me anon, withouten wordes mo,
     And I wol erly shape me therfore."
     This thyng was graunted, and oure othes swore
     
     With ful gald herte, and preyden hym also
     That he wolde vouchesauf for to do so,
     And that he wolde been oure governour,
     And of our tales juge and reportour,
     And sette a soper at a certeyn pris,
     
     And we wol reuled been at his devys
     In heigh and lough; and thus by oon assent
     We been acorded to his juggement;
     And therupon the wyn was fet anon,
     We dronken, and to reste wente echon
     
     Withouten any lenger taryynge.
        Amorwe, whan that day bigan to sprynge,
     Up roos oure Hoost, and was oure aller cok,
     And gadrede us to gidre, alle in a flok,
     And forth we riden, a litel moore than paas,
     
     Unto the wateryng of Seint Thomas. 
     And there oure Hoost bigan his hors areste,
     And seyde, "Lordynges, herkneth if yow leste,
     Ye woot youre foreward, and I it yow recorde;
     If even-song and morwe-song accorde,
     

     Lat se now who shal telle the firste tale.
     As evere mote I drynke wyn or ale,
     Whoso be rebel to my juggement
     Shal paye for al that by the wey is spent.
     Now draweth cut, er that we ferrer twynne,
     
     He which that hath the shorteste shal bigynne.
     Sire knyght," quod he, "my mayster and my lord,
     Now draweth cut, for that is myn accord,
     Cometh neer," quod he, "my lady Prioresse,
     And ye, Sir Clerk, lat be your shamefastnesse,
     
     Ne studieth noght; ley hond to, every man."
     Anon to drawen every wight bigan,
     And shortly for to tellen as it was,
     Were it by aventure, or sort, or cas,
     The sothe is this, the cut fil to the knyght,
     
     Of which ful blithe and glad was every wyght.
     And telle he moste his tale, as was resoun,
     By foreward and by composicioun,-
     As ye han herd, what nedeth wordes mo?
     And whan this goode man saugh that it was so,
     
     As he that wys was and obedient
     To kepe his foreward by his free assent,
     He seyde, "Syn I shal bigynne the game,
     What, welcome be the cut, a Goddes name!
     Now lat us ryde, and herkneth what I seye."
     
        And with that word we ryden forth oure weye,
     And he bigan with right a myrie cheere
     His tale anon, and seyde in this manere.
     Part 2
     
     THE KNYGHTES TALE.
     
        Iamque domos patrias Scithice post aspera gentis prelia
     laurigero &c. Thebaid, xii, 519.
     
     Heere bigynneth the knyghtes tale.
     
        Whilom, as olde stories tellen us,
     Ther was a duc that highte Theseus;
     Of Atthenes he was lord and governour,
     That gretter was ther noon under the sonne.
     Ful many a riche contree hadde he wonne,
     What with his wysdom and his chivalrie;
     
     He conquered al the regne of Femenye,
     That whilom was ycleped Scithia,
     And weddede the queene Ypolita,
     And broghte hir hoom with hym in his contree,
     With muchel glorie and greet solempnytee,
     
     And eek hir yonge suster Emelye.
     And thus with victorie and with melodye
     Lete I this noble duk to Atthenes ryde,
     And al his hoost, in armes hym bisyde.
     And certes, if it nere to long to heere,
     
     I wolde have toold yow fully the manere
     How wonnen was the regne of Femenye
     By Theseus, and by his chivalrye,
     And of the grete bataille for the nones
     Bitwixen Atthenes and Amazones,
     
     And how asseged was Ypolita
     The faire hardy queene of Scithia,
     And of the feste that was at hir weddynge,
     And of the tempest at hir hoom-comynge;
     But al the thyng I moot as now forbere,
     
     I have, God woot, a large feeld to ere,
     And wayke been the oxen in my plough,
     The remenant of the tale is long ynough.
     I wol nat letten eek noon of this route,
     Lat every felawe telle his tale aboute,
     
     And lat se now who shal the soper wynne;-
     And ther I lefte, I wol ayeyn bigynne.
        This duc of whom I make mencioun,
     Whan he was come almoost unto the toun,
     In al his wele and in his mooste pride,
     
     He was war, as he caste his eye aside,
     Where that ther kneled in the hye weye
     A compaignye of ladyes, tweye and tweye,
     Ech after oother, clad in clothes blake;
     But swich a cry and swich a wo they make,
     
     That in this world nys creature lyvynge
     That herde swich another waymentynge!
     And of this cry they nolde nevere stenten,
     Til they the reynes of his brydel henten.
     "What folk been ye, that at myn hom-comynge
     
     Perturben so my feste with criynge?"
     Quod Theseus, "hav ye so greet envye
     Of myn honour, that thus compleyne and crye?
     Or who hath yow mysboden or offended?
     And telleth me if it may been amended,
     
     And why that ye been clothed thus in blak?"
     The eldeste lady of hem alle spak-
     Whan she hadde swowned with a deedly cheere,
     That it was routhe for to seen and heere-
     And seyde, "Lord, to whom Fortune hath yeven
     
     Victorie, and as a conqueror to lyven,
     Nat greveth us youre glorie and youre honour,
     But we biseken mercy and socour.
     Have mercy on oure wo and oure distresse,
     Som drope of pitee thurgh thy gentillesse
     
     Upon us wrecched wommen lat thou falle;
     For certes, lord, ther is noon of us alle
     That she ne hath been a duchesse or a queene.
     Now be we caytyves, as it is wel seene-
     Thanked be Fortune, and hir false wheel,
     
     That noon estat assureth to be weel.
     And certes, lord, to abyden youre presence,
     Heere in the temple of the goddesse Clemence
     We han ben waitynge al this fourtenyght;
     Now help us, lord, sith it is in thy myght!
     
     I wrecche, which that wepe and waille thus,
     Was whilom wyf to kyng Cappaneus,
     That starf at Thebes, cursed be that day!
     And alle we that been in this array
     And maken al this lamentacioun,
     
     We losten alle oure housbondes at that toun,
     Whil that the seege theraboute lay.
     And yet now the olde Creon, weylaway!
     That lord is now of Thebes the Citee,
     Fulfild of ire and of iniquitee,
     
     He, for despit and for his tirannye,
     To do the dede bodyes vileynye,
     Of alle oure lordes, whiche that been slawe,
     He hath alle the bodyes on an heep ydrawe,
     And wol nat suffren hem, by noon assent,
     
     Neither to been yburyed nor ybrent,
     But maketh houndes ete hem in despit."
     And with that word, withouten moore respit,
     They fillen gruf, and criden pitously,
     "Have on us wrecched wommen som mercy
     
     And lat oure sorwe synken in thyn herte."
        This gentil duk doun from his courser sterte
     With herte pitous, whan he herde hem speke;
     Hym thoughte that his herte wolde breke,
     Whan he saugh hem so pitous and so maat,
     
     That whilom weren of so greet estaat.
     And in his armes he hem alle up hente,
     And hem conforteth in ful good entente,
     And swoor his ooth, as he was trewe knyght,
     He solde doon so ferforthyl his myght
     
     Upon the tiraunt Creon hem to wreke,
     That all the peple of Grece sholde speke
     How Creon was of Theseus yserved,
     As he that hadde his deeth ful wel deserved.
     And right anoon, withouten moore abood,
     
     His baner he desplayeth, and forth rood
     To Thebesward, and al his hoost biside,
     No neer Atthenes wolde he go ne ride,
     Ne take his ese fully half a day,
     But onward on his wey that nyght he lay-
     
     And sente anon Ypolita the queene,
     And Emelye, hir yonge suster sheene,
     Unto the toun of Atthenes to dwelle-
     And forth he rit; ther is namoore to telle.
     The rede statue of Mars, with spere and targe,
     
     So shyneth, in his white baner large,
     That alle the feeldes gliteren up and doun,
     And by his baner gorn is his penoun
     Of gold ful riche, in which ther was ybete
     The Mynotaur which that he slough in Crete.
     
     Thus rit this duc, thus rit this conquerour,
     And in his hoost of chivalrie the flour,
     Til that he cam to Thebes, and alighte
     Faire in a feeld, ther as he thoughte fighte.
     But shortly for to speken of this thyng,
     
     With Creon, which that was of Thebes kyng,
     He faught, and slough hym manly as a knyght
     In pleyn bataille, and putte the folk to flyght,
     And by assaut he wan the citee after,
     And rente adoun bothe wall, and sparre, and rafter.
     
     And to the ladyes he sestored agayn
     The bones of hir housbondes that weren slayn,
     To doon obsequies as was tho the gyse.
     But it were al to longe for to devyse
     The grete clamour and the waymentynge
     
     That the ladyes made at the brennynge
     Of the bodies, and the grete honour
     That Theseus, the noble conquerour,
     Dooth to the ladyes, whan they from hym wente;
     But shortly for to telle is myn entente.
     
        Whan that his worthy duc, this Theseus,
     Hath Creon slayn, and wonne Thebes thus,
     Stille in that feeld he took al nyght his reste
     And dide with al the contree as hym leste.
     To ransake in the taas of bodyes dede,
     
     Hem for to strepe of harneys and of wede,
     The pilours diden bisynesse and cure,
     After the bataille and disconfiture;
     And so bifel, that in the taas they founde
     Thurgh-girt with many a grevous blody wounde,
     
     Two yonge knyghtes liggynge by and by,
     Bothe in oon armes wroght ful richely,
     Of whiche two Arcita highte that oon,
     And that oother knyght highte Palamon.
     Nat fully quyke, ne fully dede they were,
     
     But by here cote-armures, and by hir gere,
     The heraudes knewe hem best, in special,
     As they that weren of the blood roial
     Of Thebes, and of sustren two yborn.
     Out of the taas the pilours han hem torn,
     
     And had hem caried softe unto the tente
     Of Theseus, and he ful soone hem sente
     To Atthenes to dwellen in prisoun
     Perpetuelly, he nolde no raunsoun.
     And whan this worthy due hath thus ydon,
     
     He took his hoost, and hoom he rood anon,
     With laurer crowned, as a conquerour,
     And ther he lyveth in joye and in honour
     
     Terme of his lyve, what nedeth wordes mo?
     And in a tour, in angwissh and in wo,
     
     Dwellen this Palamon and eek Arcite
     For evermoore, ther may no gold hem quite.
        This passeth yeer by yeer, and day by day,
     Till it fil ones, in a morwe of May,
     That Emelye, that fairer was to sene
     
     Than is the lylie upon his stalke grene,
     And fressher than the May with floures newe-
     For with the rose colour stroof hir hewe,
     I noot which was the fairer of hem two-
     Er it were day, as was hir wone to do,
     
     She was arisen, and al redy dight-
     For May wole have no slogardrie a-nyght;
     The sesoun priketh every gentil herte,
     And maketh hym out of his slepe to sterte,
     And seith, `arys and do thyn observaunce,'
     
     This maked Emelye have remembraunce
     To doon honour to May, and for to ryse.
     Yclothed was she fressh, for to devyse,
     Hir yelow heer was broyded in a tresse,
     Bihynde hir bak, a yerde long, I gesse,
     
     And in the gardyn, at the sonne upriste,
     She walketh up and doun, and as hir liste
     She gadereth floures, party white and rede,
     To make a subtil gerland for hir hede,
     And as an aungel hevenysshly she soong.
     
     The grete tour, that was so thikke and stroong,
     Which of the castel was the chief dongeoun,
     Ther as the knyghtes weren in prisoun,
     Of whiche I tolde yow, and tellen shal,
     Was evene joynant to the gardyn wal
     
     Ther as this Emelye hadde hir pleyynge.
     Bright was the sonne, and cleer that morwenynge,
     And Palamoun, this woful prisoner,
     As was his wone, by leve of his gayler,
     Was risen, and romed in a chambre on heigh,
     
     In which he al the noble citee seigh,
     And eek the gardyn, ful of braunches grene,
     Ther as this fresshe Emelye the shene
     Was in hire walk, and romed up and doun.
     This sorweful prisoner, this Palamoun,
     
     Goth in the chambre romynge to and fro,
     And to hym-self compleynynge of his wo.
     That he was born, ful ofte he seyde, `allas!'
     And so bifel, by aventure or cas,
     That thurgh a wyndow, thikke of many a barre
     
     Of iren greet, and square as any sparre,
     He cast his eye upon Emelya,
     
     And therwithal he bleynte, and cryede "A!"
     As though he stongen were unto the herte.
     And with that cry Arcite anon upsterte
     
     And seyde, "Cosyn myn, what eyleth thee,
     That art so pale and deedly on to see?
     Why cridestow? who hath thee doon offence?
     For Goddess love, taak al in pacience
     Oure prisoun, for it may noon oother be;
     
     Fortune hath yeven us this adversitee.
     Som wikke aspect or disposicioun
     Of Saturne by sum constellacioun
     Hath yeven us this, al though we hadde it sworn.
     So stood the hevene, whan that we were born.
     
     We moste endure it, this the short and playn."
     This Palamon answerde and seyde agayn,
     "Cosyn, for sothe, of this opinioun
     Thow hast a veyn ymaginacioun.
     This prison caused me nat for to crye,
     
     But I was hurt right now thurgh-out myn eye
     Into myn herte, that wol my bane be.
     The fairnesse of that lady, that I see
     Yond in the gardyn romen to and fro,
     Is cause of al my criyng and my wo.
     
     I noot wher she be womman or goddesse,
     But Venus is it, soothly as I gesse."
     And therwithal, on knees doun he fil,
     And seyde, "Venus, if it be thy wil,
     Yow in this gardyn thus to transfigure
     
     Bifore me, sorweful wrecche creature,
     Out of this prisoun helpe that we may scapen!
     And if so be my destynee be shapen
     By eterne word to dyen in prisoun,
     Of oure lynage have som compassioun,
     
     That is so lowe ybroght by tirannye."
        And with that word Arcite gan espye
     Wher-as this lady romed to and fro,
     And with that sighte hir beautee hurte hym so,
     That if that Palamon was wounded sore,
     
     Arcite is hurt as moche as he, or moore.
     And with a sigh he seyde pitously,
     "The fresshe beautee sleeth me sodeynly
     Of hir, that rometh in the yonder place!
     And but I have hir mercy and hir grace
     
     That I may seen hir atte leeste weye,
     I nam but deed, ther is namoore to seye."
     This Palamon, whan he tho wordes herde,
     Dispitously he looked and answerde,
     "Wheither seistow this in ernest or in pley?"
     
     "Nay," quod Arcite, "in ernest by my fey,
     God helpe me so, me list ful yvele pleye."
     This Palamon gan knytte his browes tweye;
     "It nere," quod he, "to thee no greet honour
     For to be fals, ne for to be traitour
     
     To me, that am thy cosyn and thy brother,
     Ysworn ful depe, and ech of us til oother,
     That nevere for to dyen in the peyne,
     Til that the deeth departe shal us tweyne,
     Neither of us in love to hyndre other,
     
     Ne in noon oother cas, my leeve brother,
     But that thou sholdest trewely forthren me
     In every cas, as I shal forthren thee.
     This was thyn ooth, and myn also certeyn,
     I woot right wel thou darst it nat withseyn.
     
     Thus artow of my conseil, out of doute;
     And now thou woldest falsly been aboute
     To love my lady, whom I love and serve
     And evere shal, til that myn herte sterve.
     Nay, certes, false Arcite, thow shalt nat so!
     
     I loved hir first, and tolde thee my wo
     As to my conseil, and to my brother sworn,
     To forthre me as I have toold biforn,
     For which thou art ybounden as a knyght
     To helpen me, if it lay in thy myght,
     
     Or elles artow fals, I dar wel seyn."
        This Arcite ful proudly spak ageyn,
     "Thow shalt," quod he, "be rather fals than I.
     But thou art fals, I telle thee outrely,
     For paramour I loved hir first er thow.
     
     What, wiltow seyn thou wistest nat yet now
     Wheither she be a womman or goddesse?
     Thyn is affeccioun of hoolynesse,
     And myn is love as to a creature;
     For which I tolde thee myn aventure
     
     As to my cosyn and my brother sworn.
     I pose, that thow lovedest hir biforn;
     Wostow nat wel the olde clerkes sawe
     That `who shal yeve a lovere any lawe?'
     Love is a gretter lawe, by my pan,
     
     Than may be yeve of any erthely man.
     And therfore positif lawe and swich decree
     Is broken al day for love in ech degree.
     A man moot nedes love, maugree his heed,
     He may nat fleen it, thogh he sholde be deed,
     
     Al be she mayde, or wydwe, or elles wyf.
     And eek it is nat likly, al thy lyf,
     To stonden in hir grace, namoore shal I,
     For wel thou woost thyselven, verraily,
     That thou and I be dampned to prisoun
     
     Perpetuelly, us gayneth no faunsoun.
     We stryven as dide the houndes for the boon,
     They foughte al day, and yet hir part was noon.
     Ther cam a kyte, whil they weren so wrothe,
     And baar awey the boon bitwixe hem bothe.
     
     And therfore at the kynges court, my brother,
     Ech man for hymself, ther is noon oother.
     Love if thee list, for I love, and ay shal;
     And soothly, leeve brother, this is al.
     Heere in this prisoun moote we endure,
     
     And everich of us take his aventure."
        Greet was the strif and long bitwix hem tweye,
     If that I hadde leyser for to seye-
     But to theffect; it happed on a day,
     To telle it yow as shortly as I may,
     
     A worthy duc, that highte Perotheus,
     That felawe was unto duc Theseus
     Syn thilke day that they were children lite,
     Was come to Atthenes his felawe to visite,
     And for to pleye as he was wont to do-
     
     For in this world he loved no man so,
     And he loved hym als tendrely agayn.
     So wel they lovede, as olde bookes sayn,
     That whan that oon was deed, soothly to telle,
     His felawe wente and soughte hym doun in helle.
     
     But of that storie list me nat to write;
     Duc Perotheus loved wel Arcite,
     And hadde hym knowe at Thebes yeer by yere,
     And finally, at requeste and preyere
     Of Perotheus, withouten any raunsoun
     
     Duc Theseus hym leet out of prisoun
     Frely to goon, wher that hym liste overal,
     In swich a gyse as I you tellen shal.
     This was the forward, pleynly for tendite,
     Bitwixen Theseus and hym Arcite,
     
     That if so were that Arcite were yfounde
     Evere in his lif, by day or nyght or stounde,
     In any contree of this Theseus,
     And he were caught, it was acorded thus,
     That with a swerd he sholde lese his heed;
     
     Ther nas noon oother remedie ne reed,
     But taketh his leve and homward he him spedde;
     Lat hym be war, his nekke lith to wedde!
        How greet a sorwe suffreth now Arcite!
     The deeth he feeleth thurgh his herte smyte,
     
     He wepeth, wayleth, crieth pitously,
     To sleen hymself he waiteth prively.
     He seyde, "Allas, that day that he was born!
     Now is my prisoun worse than biforn;
     Now is me shape eternally to dwelle
     
     Nat in purgatorie but in helle.
     Allas, that evere knew I Perotheus!
     For elles hadde I dwelled with Theseus,
     Yfetered in his prisoun evermo;
     Thanne hadde I been in blisse, and nat in wo.
     
     Oonly the sighte of hire whom that I serve,
     Though that I nevere hir grace may deserve,
     Wolde han suffised right ynough for me.
     O deere cosyn Palamon," quod he,
     "Thyn is the victorie of this aventure.
     
     Ful blisfully in prison maistow dure.-
     In prisoun? certes, nay, but in Paradys!
     Wel hath Fortune yturned thee the dys,
     That hast the sighte of hir, and I thabsence;
     For possible is, syn thou hast hir presence,
     
     And art a knyght, a worthy and an able,
     That by som cas, syn Fortune is chaungeable,
     Thow maist to thy desir som tyme atteyne.
     But I, that am exiled and bareyne
     Of alle grace, and in so greet dispeir
     
     That ther nys erthe, water, fir, ne eir,
     Ne creature, that of hem maked is,
     That may me heelp, or doon confort in this,
     Wel oughte I sterve in wanhope and distresse,
     Farwel, my lif, my lust, and my galdnesse!
     
     Allas, why pleynen folk so in commune
     On purveyaunce of God or of Fortune,
     That yeveth hem ful ofte in many a gyse
     Wel bettre than they kan hem-self devyse?
     Som man desireth for to han richesse,
     
     That cause is of his moerdre of greet siknesse.
     And som man wolde out of his prisoun fayn,
     That in his hous is of his meynee slayn.
     Infinite harmes been in thai mateere,
     We witen nat what thing we preyen here.
     
     We faren as he that dronke is as a mous;
     A dronke man woot wel he hath an hous,
     But he noot which the righte wey is thider,
     And to a dronke man the wey is slider.
     And certes, in this world so faren we;
     
     We seken faste after felicitee,
     But we goon wrong ful often trewely.
     Thus may we seyen alle, and namely I,
     That wende and hadde a greet opinioun
     That if I myghte escapen from prisoun,
     
     Thanne hadde I been in joye and perfit heele,
     Ther now I am exiled fro my wele.
     Syn that I may nat seen you, Emelye,
     I nam but deed, ther nys no remedye."
        Upon that oother syde, Palamon,
     
     
     Whan that he wiste Arcite was agon,
     Swich sorwe he maketh, that the grete tour
     Resouneth of his youlyng and clamour.
     The pure fettres on his shynes grete
     Weren of his bittre salte teeres wete.
     
     "Allas," quod he, "Arcite, cosyn myn!
     Of al oure strif, God woot, the fruyt is thyn.
     Thow walkest now in Thebes at thy large,
     And of my wo thow yevest litel charge.
     Thou mayst, syn thou hast wysdom and manhede,
     
     Assemblen alle the folk of oure kynrede,
     And make a werre so sharp on this citee,
     That by som aventure, or som tretee,
     Thow mayst have hir to lady and to wyf,
     For whom that I moste nedes lese my lyf.
     
     For as by wey of possibilitee,
     Sith thou art at thy large of prisoun free,
     And art a lord, greet is thyn avauntage
     Moore than is myn, that sterve here in a cage.
     For I moot wepe and wayle, whil I lyve,
     
     With al the wo that prison may me yeve,
     And eek with peyne that love me yeveth also,
     That doubleth al my torment and my wo."
     Therwith the fyr of jalousie up-sterte
     Withinne his brest, and hente him by the herte
     
     So woodly, that he lyk was to biholde
     The boxtree, or the asshen dede and colde.
     Thanne seyde he, "O cruel goddes, that governe
     This world with byndyng of youre word eterne,
     And writen in the table of atthamaunt
     
     Youre parlement and youre eterne graunt,
     What is mankynde moore unto you holde
     Than is the sheep that rouketh in the folde?
     For slayn is man right as another beeste,
     And dwelleth eek in prison and arreeste,
     
     And hath siknesse, and greet adversitee,
     And ofte tymes giltelees, pardee!
     What governance is in this prescience
     That giltelees tormenteth innocence?
     And yet encresseth this al my penaunce,
     
     That man is bounden to his observaunce,
     For Goddes sake, to letten of his wille,
     Ther as a beest may al his lust fulfille.
     And whan a beest is deed, he hath no peyne,
     But man after his deeth moot wepe and pleyne,
     
     Though in this world he have care and wo.
     Withouten doute it may stonden so.
     The answere of this lete I to dyvynys,
     But well I woot, that in this world greet pyne ys.
     Allas, I se a serpent or a theef,
     
     That many a trewe man hath doon mescheef,
     Goon at his large, and where hym list may turne!
     But I moot been in prisoun thurgh Saturne,
     And eek thurgh Juno, jalous and eek wood,
     That hath destroyed wel ny al the blood
     
     Of Thebes, with hise waste walles wyde.
     And Venus sleeth me on that oother syde
     For jalousie and fere of hym Arcite."
        Now wol I stynte of Palamon a lite,
     And lete hym in his prisoun stille dwelle,
     
     And of Arcita forth I wol yow telle.
     The somer passeth, and the nyghtes longe
     Encressen double wise the peynes stronge
     Bothe of the lovere and the prisoner;
     I noot which hath the wofuller mester.
     
     For shortly for to seyn, this Palamoun
     Perpetuelly is dampned to prisoun
     In cheynes and in fettres to been deed,
     And Arcite is exiled upon his heed
     For evere mo as out of that contree,
     
     Ne nevere mo he shal his lady see.
        Yow loveres axe I now this questioun,
     Who hath the worse, Arcite or Palamoun?
     That oon may seen his lady day by day,
     But in prison he moot dwelle alway;
     
     That oother wher hym list may ride or go,
     But seen his lady shal he nevere mo.
     Now demeth as yow liste ye that kan,
     For I wol telle forth, as I bigan.
     
     Explicit prima pars.
     
     Sequitur pars secunda.
     
        Whan that Arcite to Thebes comen was,
     Ful ofte a day he swelte and seyde `allas,'
     For seen his lady shal he nevere mo;
     And shortly to concluden al his wo,
     So muche sorwe hadde nevere creature,
     That is, or shal whil that the world may dure.
     
     His sleep, his mete, his drynke is hym biraft,
     That lene he wex and drye as is a shaft.
     Hise eyen holwe and grisly to biholde,
     His hewe falow and pale as asshen colde;
     And solitarie he was and evere allone
     
     And waillynge al the nyght, makynge his mone.
     And if he herde song or instrument,
     Thanne wolde he wepe, he myghte nat be stent.
     So feble eek were hise spiritz, and so lowe,
     And chaunged so, that no man koude knowe
     
     His speche nor his voys, though men it herde.
     And in his geere for al the world he ferde
     Nat oonly lik the loveris maladye
     Of Hereos, but rather lyk manye
     Engendred of humour malencolik
     
     Biforen in his celle fantastik,
     And shortly turned was al up-so-doun
     Bothe habit and eek disposicioun
     Of hym, this woful lovere daun Arcite.
     What sholde I al day of his wo endite?
     
     Whan he endured hadde a yeer or two
     This crueel torment, and this peyne and woo,
     At Thebes in his contree, as I seyde,
     Upon a nyght in sleep as he hym leyde,
     Hym thoughte how that the wynged god Mercurie
     
     Biforn hym stood, and bad hym to be murie.
     His slepy yerde in hond he bar uprighte,
     An hat he werede upon hise heris brighte.
     Arrayed was this god, as he took keep,
     As he was whan that Argus took his sleep;
     
     And seyde hym thus, "To Atthenes shaltou wende,
     Ther is thee shapen of thy wo an ende."
     And with that word Arcite wook and sterte.
     "Now trewely, how soore that me smerte,"
     Quod he, "to Atthenes right now wol I fare,
     
     Ne for the drede of deeth shal I nat spare
     To se my lady that I love and serve,
     In hir presence I recche nat to sterve."
     And with that word he caughte a greet mirour,
     And saugh that chaunged was al his colour,
     
     And saugh his visage al in another kynde.
     And right anon it ran hym in his mynde,
     That sith his face was so disfigured
     Of maladye, the which he hadde endured,
     He myghte wel, if that he bar hym lowe,
     
     Lyve in Atthenes, everemoore unknowe,
     And seen his lady wel ny day by day.
     And right anon he chaunged his array,
     And cladde hym as a povre laborer,
     And al allone, save oonly a squier
     
     That knew his privetee and al his cas,
     Which was disgised povrely, as he was,
     To Atthenes is he goon, the nexte way.
     And to the court he wente, upon a day,
     And at the gate he profreth his servyse,
     
     To drugge and drawe, what so men wol devyse.
     And shortly of this matere for to seyn,
     He fil in office with a chamberleyn,
     The which that dwellynge was with Emelye,
     For he was wys and koude soone espye
     
     Of every servant which that serveth here.
     Wel koude he hewen wode, and water bere,
     For he was yong and myghty for the nones,
     And therto he was strong and big of bones
     To doon that any wight kan hym devyse.
     
     A yeer or two he was in this servyse
     Page of the chambre of Emelye the brighte;
     And Philostrate he seyde that he highte.
     But half so wel biloved a man as he
     Ne was ther nevere in court, of his degree;
     
     He was so gentil of condicioun
     That thurghout al the court was his renoun.
     They seyden, that it were a charitee,
     That Theseus wolde enhaunsen his degree,
     And putten hym in worshipful servyse
     
     Ther as he myghte his vertu exercise.
     And thus withinne a while his name is spronge
     Bothe of hise dedes and his goode tonge,
     That Theseus hath taken hym so neer
     That of his chambre he made hym a Squier,
     
     And gaf hym gold to mayntene his degree.
     And eek men broghte hym out of his contree
     From yeer to yeer, ful pryvely, his rente.
     But honestly and slyly he it spente,
     That no man wondred how that he it hadde.
     
     And thre yeer in this wise his lif he ladde,
     
     And bar hym so in pees, and eek ibn werre,
     Ther was no man that Theseus hath derre.
     And in this blisse lete I now Arcite,
     And speke I wole of Palamon a lite.
     
        In derknesse and horrible and strong prisoun
     Thise seven yeer hath seten Palamoun,
     Forpyned, what for wo and for distresse.
     Who feeleth double soor and hevynesse
     But Palamon, that love destreyneth so,
     
     That wood out of his wit he goth for wo?
     And eek therto he is a prisoner,
     Perpetuelly, noght oonly for a yer.
     Who koude ryme in Englyssh proprely
     His martirdom?  Forsothe it am nat I,
     
     Therfore I passe as lightly as I may.
     It fel that in the seventhe yer, in May,
     The thridde nyght, as olde bookes seyn,
     That al this storie tellen moore pleyn,
     Were it by aventure or destynee-
     
     As, whan a thyng is shapen, it shal be-
     That soone after the mydnyght, Palamoun
     By helpyng of a freend, brak his prisoun
     And fleeth the citee faste as he may go;
     For he hade yeve his gayler drynke so
     
     Of a clarree maad of a certeyn wyn,
     With nercotikes and opie of Thebes fyn,
     That al that nyght, thogh that men wolde him shake,
     The gayler sleep, he myghte nat awake.
     And thus he fleeth as faste as evere he may;
     
     The nyght was short and faste by the day,
     That nedes-cost he moot hymselven hyde;
     And til a grove, faste ther bisyde,
     With dredeful foot thanne stalketh Palamoun.
     For shortly this was his opinioun,
     
     That in that grove he wolde hym hyde al day,
     And in the nyght thanne wolde he take his way
     To Thebesward, his freendes for to preye
     On Theseus to helpe hym to werreye;
     And shortly, outher he wolde lese his lif,
     
     Or wynnen Emelye unto his wyf;
     This is theffect and his entente pleyn.
     Now wol I turne to Arcite ageyn,
     That litel wiste how ny that was his care
     Til that Fortune had broght him in the snare.
     
        The bisy larke, messager of day,
     Salueth in hir song the morwe gray,
     And firy Phebus riseth up so brighte
     That al the orient laugheth of the lighte,
     And with hise stremes dryeth in the greves
     
     The silver dropes hangynge on the leves;
     And Arcita, that is in the court roial
     With Theseus, his squier principal,
     Is risen, and looketh on the myrie day.
     And for to doon his observaunce ot May,
     
     Remembrynge on the poynt of his desir
     He on a courser startlynge as the fir
     Is riden into the feeldes, hym to pleye,
     Out of the court, were it a myle or tweye.
     And to the grove of which that I yow tolde
     
     By aventure his wey he gan to holde,
     To maken hym a gerland of the greves,
     Were it of wodebynde or hawethorn-leves.
     And loude he song ayeyn the sonne shene,
     "May, with alle thy floures and thy grene,
     
     Welcome be thou, faire fresshe May,
     In hope that I som grene gete may."
     And from his courser, with a lusty herte,
     Into a grove ful hastily he sterte,
     And in a path he rometh up and doun
     
     Ther as by aventure this Palamoun
     Was in a bussh, that no man myghte hym se;
     For soore afered of his deeth was he.
     No thyng ne knew he that it was Arcite,
     God woot, he wolde have trowed it ful lite!
     
     But sooth is seyd, gon sithen many yeres,
     That feeld hath eyen and the wode hath eres.
     It is ful fair a man to bere hym evene,
     For al day meeteth men at unset stevene.
     Ful litel woot Arcite of his felawe,
     
     That was so ny to herknen al his sawe,
     For in the bussh he sitteth now ful stille.
        Whan that Arcite hadde romed al his fille
     And songen al the roundel lustily,
     Into a studie he fil al sodeynly,
     
     As doon thise loveres in hir queynte geres,
     Now in the croppe, now doun in the breres,
     Now up, now doun as boket in a welle.
     Right as the Friday, soothly for to telle,
     Now it shyneth, now it reyneth faste,
     
     Right so kan geery Venus overcaste
     The hertes of hir folk; right as hir day
     Is gereful, right so chaungeth she array.
     Selde is the Friday al the wowke ylike.
     Whan that Arcite had songe, he gan to sike,
     
     And sette hym doun withouten any moore;
     "Allas," quod he, "that day that I was bore!
     How longe, Juno, thurgh thy crueltee
     Woltow werreyen Thebes the Citee?
     Allas, ybroght is to confusioun
     
     The blood roial of Cadme and Amphioun!
     Of Cadmus, which that was the firste man
     That Thebes bulte, or first the toun bigan,
     And of the citee first was crouned kyng,
     Of his lynage am I, and his ofspryng,
     
     By verray ligne, as of the stok roial,
     And now I am so caytyf and so thral
     That he that is my mortal enemy
     I serve hym as his squier povrely.
     And yet dooth Juno me wel moore shame,
     
     For I dar noght biknowe myn owene name,
     But theras I was wont to highte Arcite,
     Now highte I Philostrate, noght worth a myte.
     Allas, thou felle Mars! allas, Juno!
     Thus hath youre ire oure kynrede al fordo,
     
     Save oonly me, and wrecched Palamoun
     That Theseus martireth in prisoun.
     And over al this, to sleen me outrely,
     Love hath his firy dart so brennyngly
     Ystiked thurgh my trewe careful herte,
     
     That shapen was my deeth erst than my sherte.
     Ye sleen me with youre eyen, Emelye,
     Ye been the cause wherfore that I dye.
     Of al the remenant of myn oother care
     Ne sette I nat the montance of a tare,
     
     So that I koude doon aught to youre plesaunce."
     And with that word he fil doun in a traunce
     A longe tyme, and after he upsterte.
        This Palamoun, that thoughte that thurgh his herte
     He felte a coold swerd sodeynliche glyde,
     
     For ire he quook, no lenger wolde he byde.
     And whan that he had herd Arcites tale,
     As he were wood, with face deed and pale,
     He stirte hym up out of the buskes thikke,
     And seide, "Arcite, false traytour wikke!
     
     Now artow hent that lovest my lady so,
     For whom that I have al this peyne and wo,
     And art my blood, and to my conseil sworn,
     As I ful ofte have seyd thee heer-biforn,
     And hast byjaped heere duc Theseus,
     
     And falsly chaunged hast thy name thus.
     I wol be deed, or elles thou shalt dye;
     Thou shalt nat love my lady Emelye,
     But I wol love hire oonly, and namo,
     For I am Palamon, thy mortal foo!
     
     And though that I no wepene have in this place,
     But out of prison am astert by grace,
     I drede noght that outher thow shalt dye,
     Or thow ne shalt nat loven Emelye.
     Chees which thou wolt, for thou shalt nat asterte!"
     
     This Arcite, with ful despitous herte,
     Whan he hym knew, and hadde his tale herd,
     As fiers as leoun pulled out his swerd,
     And seyde thus:  "By God that sit above,
     Nere it that thou art sik and wood for love,
     
     And eek that thow no wepne hast in this place,
     Thou sholdest nevere out of this grove pace,
     That thou ne sholdest dyen of myn hond.
     For I defye the seurete and the bond
     Which that thou seist that I have maad to thee.
     
     What, verray fool, thynk wel that love is free!
     And I wol love hir, maugree al thy myght!
     But for as muche thou art a worthy knyght,
     And wilnest to darreyne hire by bataille,
     Have heer my trouthe; tomorwe I wol nat faille
     
     Withoute wityng of any oother wight
     That heere I wol be founden as a knyght,
     And bryngen harneys right ynough for thee,
     And chese the beste, and leve the worste for me.
     And mete and drynke this nyght wol I brynge
     
     Ynough for thee, and clothes for thy beddynge;
     And if so be that thou my lady wynne,
     And sle me in this wode ther I am inne,
     Thow mayst wel have thy lady as for me."
     This Palamon answerde, "I graunte it thee."
     
     And thus they been departed til amorwe,
     Whan ech of hem had leyd his feith to borwe.
        O Cupide, out of alle charitee!
     O regne, that wolt no felawe have with thee!
     Ful sooth is seyd that love ne lordshipe
     
     Wol noght, hir thankes, have no felaweshipe.
     Wel fynden that Arcite and Palamoun:
     Arcite is riden anon unto the toun,
     And on the morwe, er it were dayes light,
     Ful prively two harneys hath he dight,
     
     Bothe suffisaunt and mete to darreyne
     The bataille in the feeld bitwix hem tweyne.
     And on his hors, allone as he was born,
     He carieth al this harneys hym biforn,
     And in the grove, at tyme and place yset,
     
     This Arcite and this Palamon ben met.
     Tho chaungen gan the colour in hir face
     Right as the hunters in the regne of Trace,
     That stondeth at the gappe with a spere,
     Whan hunted is the leoun and the bere,
     
     And hereth hym come russhyng in the greves,
     And breketh bothe bowes and the leves,
     And thynketh, "Heere cometh my mortal enemy,
     Withoute faille he moot be deed or I,
     For outher I moot sleen hym at the gappe,
     
     Or he moot sleen me, if that me myshappe"-
     So ferden they in chaungyng of hir hewe,
     As fer as everich of hem oother knewe.
     Ther nas no good day ne no saluyng,
     But streight withouten word or rehersyng
     
     Everich of hem heelp for to armen oother,
     As freendly as he were his owene brother.
     And after that with sharpe speres stronge
     They foynen ech at oother wonder longe.
     Thou myghtest wene that this Palamoun
     
     In his fightyng were a wood leoun,
     And as a crueel tigre was Arcite.
     As wilde bores gonne they to smyte,
     That frothen white as foom for ire wood.
     Up to the ancle foghte they in hir blood;
     
     And in this wise I lete hem fightyng dwelle,
     And forth I wole of Theseus yow telle.
        The destinee, ministre general,
     That executeth in the world overal
     The purveiaunce that God hath seyn biforn,
     
     So strong it is, that though the world had sworn
     The contrarie of a thyng, by ye or nay,
     Yet somtyme it shal fallen on a day
     That falleth nat eft withinne a thousand yeere.
     For certeinly, oure appetites heere,
     
     Be it of werre, or pees, or hate, or love,
     Al is this reuled by the sighte above.
     This mene I now by myghty Theseus,
     That for to hunten is so desirus
     And namely at the grete hert in May,
     
     That in his bed ther daweth hym no day
     That he nys clad, and redy for to ryde
     With hunte and horn, and houndes hym bisyde.
     For in his huntyng hath he swich delit
     That it is al his joye and appetit
     
     To been hymself the grete hertes bane-
     For after Mars he serveth now Dyane.
        Cleer was the day, as I have toold er this,
     And Theseus, with alle joye and blis,
     With his Ypolita, the faire quene,
     
     And Emelye, clothed al in grene,
     On huntyng be they riden roially,
     And to the grove, that stood ful faste by,
     In which ther was an hert, as men hym tolde,
     Duc Theseus the streighte wey hath holde,
     
     And to the launde he rideth hym ful right,
     For thider was the hert wont have his flight,
     And over a brook, and so forth in his weye.
     This duc wol han a cours at hym, or tweye,
     With houndes swiche as that hym list comaunde.
     
     And whan this duc was come unto the launde,
     Under the sonne he looketh, and anon
     He was war of Arcite and Palamon,
     That foughten breme, as it were bores two;
     The brighte swerdes wenten to and fro
     
     So hidously, that with the leeste strook
     It semed as it wolde felle an ook;
     But what they were, nothyng he ne woot.
     This duc his courser with his spores smoot,
     And at a stert he was bitwix hem two,
     
     And pulled out a swerd, and cride, "Hoo!
     Namoore, up peyne of lesynge of youre heed!
     By myghty Mars, he shal anon be deed
     That smyteth any strook, that I may seen!
     But telleth me what myster men ye been,
     
     That been so hardy for to fighten heere
     Withouten juge or oother officere,
     As it were in a lystes roially?"
     This Palamon answerde hastily,
     And seyde, "Sire, what nedeth wordes mo?
     
     We have the deeth disserved, bothe two.
     Two woful wrecches been we, two caytyves,
     That been encombred of oure owene lyves,
     And as thou art a fightful lord and juge,
     Ne yeve us neither mercy ne refuge,
     
     But sle me first for seinte charitee;
     But sle my felawe eek as wel as me-
     Or sle hym first, for, though thow knowest it lite,
     This is thy mortal foo, this is Arcite,
     That fro thy lond is banysshed on his heed,
     
     For which he hath deserved to be deed.
     For this is he, that cam unto thy gate,
     And seyde that he highe Philostrate.
     Thus hath he japed thee ful many a yer,
     And thou hast maked hym thy chief Squier,
     
     And this is he that loveth Emelye.
     For sith the day is come that I shal dye,
     I make pleynly my confessioun
     That I am thilke woful Palamoun,
     That hath thy prisoun broken wikkedly.
     
     I am thy mortal foo, and it am I
     That loveth so hoote Emelye the grighte,
     That I wol dye present in hir sighte;
     Wherfore I axe deeth and my juwise-
     But sle my felawe in the same wise
     
     For bothe han we deserved to be slayn."
     This worthy duc answered anon agayn,
     And seyde, "This is a short conclusioun,
     Youre owene mouth, by your confessioun,
     Hath dampned yow, and I wol it recorde.
     
     It nedeth noght to pyne yow with the corde,
     Ye shal be deed, by myghty Mars the rede!"
     The queene anon, for verray wommanhede,
     Gan for to wepe, and so dide Emelye,
     And alle the ladyes in the compaignye.
     
     Greet pitee was it, as it thoughte hem alle,
     That evere swich a chaunce sholde falle.
     For gentilmen they were of greet estaat,
     And no thyng but for love was this debaat,
     And saugh hir blody woundes wyde and soore,
     
     And alle crieden, both lasse and moore,
     "Have mercy, lord, upon us wommen alle!"
     And on hir bare knees adoun they falle,
     And wolde have kist his feet ther as he stood;
     Til at the laste aslaked was his mood,
     
     For pitee renneth soone in gentil herte.
     And though he first for ire quook and sterte,
     He hath considered shortly in a clause
     The trespas of hem bothe, and eek the cause,
     And although that his ire hir gilt accused,
     
     Yet in his resoun he hem bothe excused.
     As thus, he thoghte wel, that every man
     Wol helpe hym-self in love, if that he kan,
     And eek delivere hym-self out of prisoun;
     And eek his herte hadde compassioun
     
     Of wommen, for they wepen evere in oon.
     And in his gentil herte he thoughte anon,
     And softe unto hym-self he seyde, "Fy
     Upon a lord that wol have no mercy,
     But been a leoun, bothe in word and dede,
     
     To hem that been in repentaunce and drede,
     As wel as to a proud despitous man,
     That wol maynteyne that he first bigan!
     That lord hath litel of discrecioun
     That in swich cas kan no divisioun,
     
     But weyeth pride and humblesse after oon."
     And shortly, whan his ire is thus agoon,
     He gan to looken up with eyen lighte,
     And spak thise same wordes al on highte:
        "The God of love, A! benedicite!
     
     How myghty and how greet a lord is he!
     Ayeyns his myght ther gayneth none obstacles,
     He may be cleped a god for hise myracles,
     For he kan maken at his owene gyse
     Of everich herte as that hym list divyse.
     
     Lo heere, this Arcite and this Palamoun
     
     That quitly weren out of my prisoun,
     And myghte han lyved in Thebes roially,
     And witen I am hir mortal enemy,
     And that hir deth lith in my myght also;
     
     And yet hath love, maugree hir eyen two,
     Ybroght hem hyder bothe for to dye!
     Now looketh, is nat that an heigh folye?
     Who may been a fole, but if he love?
     Bihoold, for Goddes sake that sit above,
     
     Se how they blede?  Be they noght wel arrayed?
     Thus hath hir lord, the God of Love, ypayed
     Hir wages and hir fees for hir servyse!
     And yet they wenen for to been ful wyse,
     That serven love, for aught that may bifalle!
     
     But this is yet the beste game of alle,
     That she, for whom they han this jolitee,
     Kan hem therfore as muche thank, as me!
     She woot namoore of al this hoote fare,
     By God, than woot a cokkow or an hare!
     
     But all moot ben assayed, hoot and coold;
     A man moot ben a fool, or yong or oold;
     I woot it by myself ful yore agon,
     For in my tyme a servant was I oon.
     And therfore, syn I knowe of loves peyne,
     
     And woot how soore it kan a man distreyne,
     As he that hath ben caught ofte in his laas,
     I yow foryeve al hoolly this trespaas,
     At requeste of the queene that kneleth heere,
     And eek of Emelye, my suster deere.
     
     And ye shul bothe anon unto me swere,
     That nevere mo ye shal my contree dere,
     Ne make werre upon me, nyght ne day,
     But been my freendes in al that ye may,
     I yow foryeve this trespas, every deel."
     
     And they hym sworen his axyng, faire and weel,
     And hym of lordship and of mercy preyde,
     And he hem graunteth grace, and thus he seyde:
        "To speke of roial lynage and richesse,
     Though that she were a queene or a princesse,
     
     Ech of you bothe is worthy doutelees
     To wedden whan tyme is, but nathelees
     I speke as for my suster Emelye,
     For whom ye have this strif and jalousye:
     Ye woot yourself, she may nat wedden two
     
     Atones, though ye fighten everemo!
     That oon of you, al be hym looth or lief,
     He moot go pipen in an yvy-leef-
     This is to seyn, she may nat now han bothe,
     Al be ye never so jalouse, ne so wrothe.
     
     And forthy, I yow putte in this degree;
     That ech of yow shal have his destynee
     As hym is shape, and herkneth in what wyse;
     Lo, heere your ende of that I shal devyse.
        My wyl is this, for plat conclusioun,
     
     Withouten any repplicacioun,
     If that you liketh, take it for the beste,
     That everich of you shal goon where hym leste,
     Frely, withouten raunson, or daunger,
     And this day fifty wykes fer ne ner,
     
     Everich of you shal brynge an hundred knyghtes
     Armed for lystes up at alle rightes,
     Al redy to darreyne hire by bataille.
     And this bihote I yow withouten faille,
     Upon my trouthe, and as I am a knyght,
     
     That wheither of yow bothe that hath myght,
     This is to seyn, that wheither he, or thow
     May with his hundred, as I spak of now,
     Sleen his contrarie, or out of lystes dryve,
     Thanne shal I yeve Emelya to wyve,
     
     To whom that Fortune yeveth so fair a grace.
     Tho lystes shal I maken in this place,
     And God so wisly on my soule rewe,
     As I shal evene juge been, and trewe.
     Ye shul noon oother ende with me maken,
     
     That oon of yow ne shal be deed or taken.
     And if yow thynketh this is weel ysayd,
     Seyeth youre avys and holdeth you apayd;
     This is youre ende and youre conclusioun."
     Who looketh lightly now but Palamoun?
     
     Who spryngeth up for joye but Arcite?
     Who kouthe tellen, or who kouthe endite
     The joye that is maked in the place,
     Whan Theseus hath doon so fair a grace?
     But doun on knees wente every maner wight,
     
     And thonken hym with al hir herte and myght,
     And namely the Thebans, often sithe.
     And thus with good hope and with herte blithe
     They taken hir leve, and homward gonne they ride
     To Thebes with hise olde walles wyde.
     
     Explicit secunda pars
     
     Sequitur pars tercia
     
        I trowe men wolde deme it necligence,
     If I foryete to tellen the dispence
     Of Theseus, that gooth so bisily
     To maken up the lystes roially;
     That swich a noble theatre as it was,
     
     I dar wel seyen, in this world ther nas.
     The circuit a myle was aboute,
     Walled of stoon, and dyched al withoute.
     Round was the shap, in manere of compas,
     Ful of degrees the heighte os sixty pas,
     
     That whan a man was set on o degree,
     He lette nat his felawe for to see.
     Estward ther stood a gate of marbul whit,
     Westward, right swich another in the opposit;
     And shortly to concluden, swich a place
     
     Was noon in erthe, as in so litel space.
     For in the lond ther was no crafty man
     That geometrie or ars-metrik kan,
     Ne portreitour, ne kervere of ymages,
     That Theseus ne yaf him mete and wages
     
     The theatre for to maken and devyse.
     And for to doon his ryte and sacrifise
     He estward hath upon the gate above,
     In worship of Venus, goddesse of love,
     Doon make an auter and an oratorie.
     
     And on the gate westward, in memorie
     Of Mars, he maked hath right swich another,
     That coste largely of gold a fother.
     And northward, in a touret on the wal
     Of alabastre whit, and reed coral,
     
     An oratorie, riche for to see,
     In worship of Dyane, of chastitee,
     Hath Theseus doon wroght in noble wyse.
     But yet hadde I foryeten to devyse
     The noble kervyng and the portreitures,
     
     The shap, the contenaunce, and the figures,
     That weren in thise oratories thre.
     First in the temple of Venus maystow se
     Wroght on the wal, ful pitous to biholde,
     The broken slepes and the sikes colde,
     
     The sacred teeris and the waymentynge,
     The firy strokes, and the desirynge
     That loves servauntz in this lyf enduren;
     The othes that her covenantz assuren;
     Plesaunce and Hope, Desir, Foolhardynesse,
     
     Beautee and Youthe, Bauderie, Richesse,
     Charmes and Force, Lesynges, Flaterye,
     Despense, Bisynesse, and Jalousye,
     That wered of yelewe gooldes a gerland,
     And a cokkow sittynge on hir hand;
     
     Festes, instrumentz, caroles, daunces,
     Lust and array, and alle the circumstaunces
     Of love, whiche that I rekned, and rekne shal,
     By ordre weren peynted on the wal,
     And mo than I kan make of mencioun;
     
     For soothly, al the mount of Citheroun,
     Ther Venus hath hir principal dwellynge,
     Was shewed on the wal in portreyynge,
     With al the gardyn and the lustynesse.
     Nat was foryeten the Porter Ydelnesse,
     
     Ne Narcisus the faire, of yore agon,
     Ne yet the folye of kyng Salamon,
     And eek the grete strengthe of Ercules,
     Thenchauntementz of Medea and Circes,
     Ne of Turnus, with the hardy fiers corage,
     
     The riche Cresus, kaytyf in servage;
     Thus may ye seen, that wysdom ne richesse,
     Beautee ne sleighte, strengthe, hardynesse,
     Ne may with Venus holde champartie,
     For as hir list, the world than may she gye.
     
     Lo, alle thise folk so caught were in hir las,
     Til they for wo ful ofte seyde `allas!'
     Suffiseth heere ensamples oon or two-
     And, though, I koude rekene a thousand mo.
        The statue of Venus, glorious for to se,
     
     Was naked, fletynge in the large see,
     And fro the navele doun al covered was
     With wawes grene, and brighte as any glas.
     A citole in hir right hand hadde she,
     And on hir heed, ful semely for to se,
     
     A rose gerland, fressh and wel smellynge;
     Above hir heed hir dowves flikerynge.
     Biforn hir stood hir sone, Cupido,
     Upon his shuldres wynges hadde he two,
     And blynd he was, as it was often seene.
     
     A bowe he bar, and arwes brighte and kene.
        Why sholde I noght as wel eek telle yow al
     The portreiture, that was upon the wal
     Withinne the temple of myghty Mars the rede?
     Al peynted was the wal in lengthe and brede
     
     Lyk to the estres of the grisly place
     That highte the grete temple of Mars in Trace,
     In thilke colde frosty regioun
     Ther as Mars hath his sovereyn mansioun.
     First on the wal was peynted a forest
     
     In which ther dwelleth neither man ne best,
     With knotty knarry bareyne trees olde,
     Of stubbes sharpe and hidouse to biholde,
     In which ther ran a rumbel and a swough
     As though a storm sholde bresten every bough.
     
     And dounward from an hille, under a bente,
     Ther stood the temple of Mars Armypotente,
     Wroght al of burned steel, of which the entree
     Was long and streit, and gastly for to see,
     And therout came a rage and suche a veze,
     
     That it made al the gate for to rese.
     The northren lyght in at the dores shoon,
     For wyndowe on the wal ne was ther noon,
     Thurgh which men myghten any light discerne.
     The dore was al of adamant eterne,
     
     Yclenched overthwart and endelong
     With iren tough, and for to make it strong
     Every pyler, the temple to sustene,
     Was tonne-greet of iren bright and shene.
     Ther saugh I first the dirke ymaginyng
     
     Of felonye, and al the compassyng,
     The crueel ire, reed as any gleede,
     The pykepurs, and eek the pale drede,
     The smyler with the knyfe under the cloke,
     The shepne brennynge with the blake smoke,
     
     The tresoun of the mordrynge in the bedde,
     The open werre, with woundes al bibledde,
     Contek, with blody knyf and sharp manace,
     Al ful of chirkyng was that sory place.
     The sleer of hymself yet saugh I ther,
     
     His herte-blood hath bathed al his heer;
     The nayl ydryven in the shode a nyght,
     The colde deeth, with mouth gapyng upright.
     Amyddes of the temple sat Meschaunce,
     With Disconfort and Sory Contenaunce.
     
     Yet saugh I Woodnesse laughynge in his rage,
     Armed Compleint, Outhees, and fiers Outrage;
     The careyne in the busk with throte ycorve,
     A thousand slayn, and nat of qualm ystorve,
     The tiraunt with the pray by force yraft,
     
     The toun destroyed, ther was nothyng laft.
     Yet saugh I brent the shippes hoppesteres,
     The hunte strangled with the wilde beres,
     The sowe freten the child right in the cradel,
     The cook yscalded, for al his longe ladel.
     
     Noght was foryeten by the infortune of Marte,
     The cartere over-ryden with his carte,
     Under the wheel ful lowe he lay adoun.
     Ther were also, of Martes divisioun,
     The barbour, and the bocher, and the smyth
     
     That forgeth sharpe swerdes on his styth.
     And al above, depeynted in a tour,
     Saugh I Conquest sittynge in greet honour,
     With the sharpe swerd over his heed
     Hangynge by a soutil twyned threed.
     
     Depeynted was the slaughtre of Julius,
     Of grete Nero, and of Antonius;
     Al be that thilke tyme they were unborn,
     Yet was hir deth depeynted therbiforn
     By manasynge of Mars, right by figure;
     
     So was it shewed in that portreiture,
     As is depeynted in the sterres above
     Who shal be slayn or elles deed for love.
     Suggiseth oon ensample in stories olde,
     I may nat rekene hem alle though I wolde.
     
        The statue of Mars upon a carte stood
     Armed, and looked grym as he were wood,
     And over his heed ther shynen two figures
     Of sterres, that been cleped in scriptures
     That oon Puella, that oother Rubeus.
     
     This god of armes was arrayed thus:
     A wolf ther stood biforn hym at his feet,
     With eyen rede, and of a man he eet.
     With soutil pencel was depeynt this storie,
     In redoutynge of Mars and of his glorie.
     
        Now to the temple of Dyane the chaste
     As shortly as I kan I wol me haste,
     To telle yow al the descripsioun.
     Depeynted been the walles up and doun
     Of huntyng and of shamefast chastitee.
     
     Ther saugh I, how woful Calistopee
     Whan that Diane agreved was with here,
     Was turned from a womman til a bere,
     And after was she maad the loode-sterre;-
     Thus was it peynted, I kan sey yow no ferre-
     
     Hir sone is eek a sterre, as men may see.
     Ther saugh I Dane, yturned til a tree,
     I mene nat the goddesse Diane,
     But Penneus doughter which that highte Dane.
     Ther saugh I Attheon an hert ymaked,
     
     For vengeaunce that he saugh Diane al naked.
     I saugh how that hise houndes have hym caught
     And freeten hym, for that they knewe hym naught.
     Yet peynted was a litel forthermoor
     How Atthalante hunted the wilde boor,
     
     And Meleagree, and many another mo,
     For which Dyane wroghte hym care and wo.
     Ther saugh I many another wonder storie,
     The whiche me list nat drawen to memorie.
     This goddesse on an hert ful hye seet,
     
     With smale houndes al aboute hir feet;
     And undernethe hir feet she hadde a moone,
     Wexynge it was, and sholde wanye soone.
     In gaude grene hir statue clothed was,
     With bowe in honde, and arwes in a cas.
     
     Hir eyen caste she ful lowe adoun,
     Ther Pluto hath his derke regioun.
     A womman travaillynge was hir biforn;
     But for hir child so longe was unborn
     Ful pitously Lucyna gan she calle,
     
     And seyde, "Help, for thou mayst best of alle!"
     Wel koude he peynten lyfly, that it wroghte,
     With many a floryn he the hewes boghte.
        Now been thise listes maad, and Theseus,
     That at his grete cost arrayed thus
     
     The temples, and the theatre every deel,
     Whan it was doon, hym lyked wonder weel.-
     But stynte I wole of Theseus a lite,
     And speke of Palamon and of Arcite.
     The day approcheth of hir retournynge,
     
     That everich sholde an hundred knyghtes brynge
     The bataille to darreyne, as I yow tolde.
     And til Atthenes, hir covenantz for to holde,
     Hath everich of hem broght an hundred knyghtes,
     Wel armed for the werre at alle rightes.
     
     And sikerly, ther trowed many a man,
     That nevere sithen that the world bigan,
     As for to speke of knyghthod of hir hond,
     As fer as God hath maked see or lond,
     Nas of so fewe so noble a compaignye.
     
     For every wight that lovede chivalrye,
     And wolde, his thankes, han a passant name,
     Hath preyed that he myghte been of that game;
     And wel was hym that therto chosen was.
     For if ther fille tomorwe swich a cas
     
     Ye knowen wel, that every lusty knyght
     That loveth paramours, and hath his myght,
     Were it in Engelond or elles where,
     They wolde, hir thankes, wilnen to be there,
     To fighte for a lady, benedicitee!
     
     It were a lusty sighte for to see.
     And right so ferden they with Palamon,
     With hym ther wenten knyghtes many on.
     Som wol ben armed in an haubergeoun,
     In a bristplate, and in a light gypoun,
     
     And somme woln have a paire plates large,
     And somme woln have a Pruce sheeld, or a targe,
     Somme woln ben armed on hir legges weel,
     And have an ax, and somme a mace of steel.
     Ther is no newe gyse, that it nas old;
     
     Armed were they, as I have yow told,
     Everych after his opinioun.
     Ther maistow seen comyng with Palamoun
     Lygurge hym-self, the grete kyng of Trace.
     Blak was his berd, and manly was his face,
     
     The cercles of hise eyen in his heed,
     They gloweden bitwyxen yelow and reed,
     And lik a griff on looked he aboute,
     With kempe heeris on hise browes stoute,
     Hise lymes grete, hise brawnes harde and stronge,
     
     Hise shuldres brode, hise armes rounde and longe;
     And as the gyse was in his contree,
     Ful hye upon a chaar of gold stood he,
     With foure white boles in the trays.
     In stede of cote-armure, over his harnays
     
     With nayles yelewe and brighte as any gold
     He hadde a beres skyn, colblak, for-old;
     His longe heer was kembd bihynde his bak,
     As any ravenes fethere it shoon for-blak.
     A wrethe of gold arm-greet, of huge wighte,
     
     Upon his heed, set ful of stones brighte,
     Of fyne rubyes and of dyamauntz.
     Aboute his chaar ther wenten white alauntz,
     Twenty and mo, as grete as any steer,
     To hunten at the leoun or the deer,
     
     And folwed hym, with mosel faste ybounde,
     Colored of gold, and tourettes fyled rounde.
     An hundred lordes hadde he in his route,
     Armed ful wel, with hertes stierne and stoute.
        With Arcita, in stories as men fynde,
     
     The grete Emetreus, the kyng of Inde,
     Upon a steede bay, trapped in steel,
     Covered in clooth of gold dyapred weel,
     Cam ridynge lyk the god of armes, Mars.
     His cote-armure was of clooth of Tars,
     
     Couched with perles white and rounde and grete.
     His sadel was of brend gold newe ybete;
     A mantelet upon his shuldre hangynge
     Bret-ful of rubyes rede, as fyr sparklynge.
     His crispe heer lyk rynges was yronne,
     
     And that was yelow, and glytered as the sonne.
     His nose was heigh, hise eyen bright citryn,
     Hise lippes rounde, his colour was sangwyn;
     A fewe frakenes in his face yspreynd,
     Bitwixen yelow and somdel blak ymeynd,
     
     And as a leoun he his looking caste.
     Of fyve and twenty yeer his age I caste;
     His berd was wel bigonne for to sprynge,
     His voys was as a trompe thonderynge.
     Upon his heed he wered of laurer grene
     
     A gerland, fressh and lusty for to sene.
     Upon his hand he bar for his deduyt
     An egle tame, as any lilye whyt.
     An hundred lordes hadde he with hym there,
     Al armed, save hir heddes, in al hir gere,
     
     Ful richely in alle maner thynges.
     For trusteth wel, that dukes, erles, kynges,
     Were gadered in this noble compaignye,
     For love, and for encrees of chivalrye.
     Aboute this kyng ther ran on every part
     
     Ful many a tame leoun and leopard,
     And in this wise thise lordes alle and some
     Been on the sonday to the citee come,
     Aboute pryme, and in the toun alight.
     This Theseus, this duc, this worthy knyght,
     
     Whan he had broght hem into his citee,
     And inned hem, everich in his degree,
     He festeth hem, and dooth so greet labour
     To esen hem and doon hem al honour,
     That yet men weneth that no maner wit
     
     Of noon estaat ne koude amenden it.
     The mynstralcye, the service at the feeste,
     The grete yiftes to the mooste and leeste,
     The riche array of Theseus paleys,
     Ne who sat first ne last upon the deys,
     
     What ladyes fairest been, or best daunsynge,
     Or which of hem kan dauncen best and synge,
     Ne who moost felyngly speketh of love,
     What haukes sitten on the perche above,
     What houndes liggen in the floor adoun-
     
     Of al this make I now no mencioun;
     But, al theffect, that thynketh me the beste,
     Now cometh the point, and herkneth if yow leste.
        The sonday nyght, er day bigan to sprynge,
     Whan Palamon the lsrke herde synge,
     
     Al though it nere nat day by houres two,
     Yet song the larke, and Palamon also.
     With hooly herte and with an heigh corage
     He roos, to wenden on his pilgrymage,
     Unto the blisful Citherea benigne,
     
     I mene Venus, honurable and digne.
     And in hir houre he walketh forth a pas
     Unto the lystes, ther hire temple was,
     And doun he kneleth, with ful humble cheer,
     And herte soor, and seyde in this manere.
     
        "Faireste of faire, O lady myn, Venus,
     Doughter to Jove, and spouse of Vulcanus,
     Thow glader of the Mount of Citheron,
     For thilke love thow haddest to Adoon,
     Have pitee of my bittre teeris smerte,
     
     And taak myn humble preyere at thyn herte.
     Allas, I ne have no langage to telle
     Theffectes, ne the tormentz of myn helle!
     Myn herte may myne harmes nat biwreye,
     I am so confus that I kan noght seye.
     
     But mercy, lady bright! that knowest weele
     My thought, and seest what harmes that I feele.
     Considere al this, and rewe upon my soore,
     As wisly, as I shal for everemoore,
     Emforth my myght, thy trewe servant be,
     
     And holden werre alwey with chastitee.
     That make I myn avow, so ye me helpe.
     I kepe noght of armes for to yelpe,
     Ne I ne axe nat tomorwe to have victorie,
     Ne renoun in this cas, ne veyne glorie
     
     Of pris of armes blowen up and doun,
     But I wolde have fully possessioun
     Of Emelye, and dye in thy servyse.
     Fynd thow the manere how, and in what wyse-
     I recche nat, but it may bettre be
     
     To have victorie of hem, or they of me-
     So that I have my lady in myne armes.
     For though so be, that Mars is god of armes,
     Youre vertu is so greet in hevene above
     That if yow list, I shal wel have my love.
     
     Thy temple wol I worshipe everemo,
     And on thyn auter, where I ride or go,
     I wol doon sacrifice and fires beete.
     And if ye wol nat so, my lady sweete,
     Thanne preye I thee, tomorwe with a spere
     
     That Arcita me thurgh the herte bere.
     Thanne rekke I noght, whan I have lost my lyf,
     Though that Arcita wynne hir to his wyf.
     This is theffect and ende of my preyere,
     Yif me my love, thow blisful lady deere!"
     
     Whan the orison was doon of Palamon,
     His sacrifice he dide, and that anon,
     Ful pitously with alle circumstaunce;
     Al telle I noght as now his observaunce.
     But atte laste, the statue of Venus shook,
     
     And made a signe wherby that he took
     That his preyere accepted was that day.
     For thogh the signe shewed a delay,
     Yet wiste he wel that graunted was his boone,
     And with glad herte he wente hym hoom ful soone.
     
        The thridde houre inequal, that Palamon
     Bigan to Venus temple for to gon,
     Up roos the sonne, and up roos Emelye,
     And to the temple of Dyane gan hye.
     Hir maydens that she thider with hir ladde,
     
     Ful redily with hem the fyr they ladde,
     Thencens, the clothes, and the remenant al
     That to the sacrifice longen shal.
     The hornes fulle of meeth, as was the gyse,
     Ther lakked noght to doon hir sacrifise,
     
     Smokynge the temple, ful of clothes faire.
     This Emelye, with herte debonaire,
     Hir body wessh with water of a welle-
     But how she dide hir ryte I dar nat telle,
     But it be any thing in general;
     
     And yet it were a game to heeren al,
     To hym that meneth wel it were no charge,
     But it is good a man been at his large.-
        Hir brighte heer was kempt untressed al,
     A coroune of a grene ook cerial
     
     Upon hir heed was set, ful fair and meete.
     Two fyres on the suter gan she beete,
     And dide hir thynges as men may biholde
     In Stace of Thebes, and thise bookes olde.
     Whan kyndled was the fyr, with pitous cheere
     
     Unto Dyane she spak as ye may heere.
        "O chaste goddesse of the wodes grene,
     To whom bothe hevene and erthe and see is sene,
     Queene of the regne of Pluto derk and lowe,
     Goddesse of maydens, that myn herte hast knowe
     
     Ful many a yeer, and woost what I desire,
     As keep me fro thy vengeaunce and thyn ire,
     That Attheon aboughte cruelly.
     Chaste goddesse, wel wostow that I
     Desire to ben a mayden al my lyf,
     
     Ne nevere wol I be no love ne wyf.
     I am, thow woost, yet of thy compaignye,
     A mayde, and love huntynge and venerye,
     And for to walken in the wodes wilde,
     And noght to ben a wyf, and be with childe.
     
     Noght wol I knowe the compaignye of man;
     Now helpe me, lady, sith ye may and kan,
     For tho thre formes that thou hast in thee.
     And Palamon, that hath swich love to me,
     And eek Arcite, that loveth me so sore,
     
     This grace I preye thee, withoute moore,
     As sende love and pees bitwixe hem two,
     And fro me turne awey hir hertes so,
     That al hir hoote love and hir desir,
     And al hir bisy torment and hir fir,
     
     Be queynt, or turned in another place.
     And if so be thou wolt do me no grace,
     And if my destynee be shapen so
     That I shal nedes have oon of hem two,
     As sende me hym that moost desireth me.
     
     Bihoold, goddesse, of clene chastitee,
     The bittre teeris that on my chekes falle.
     Syn thou art mayde and kepere of us alle,
     My maydenhede thou kepe and wel conserve,
     And whil I lyve a mayde, I wol thee serve."
     
     The fires brenne upon the auter cleere,
     Whil Emelye was thus in hir preyere;
     But sodeynly she saugh a sighte queynte,
     For right anon oon of the fyres queynte,
     And quyked agayn, and after that anon
     
     That oother fyr was queynt and al agon.
     And as it queynte, it made a whistelynge
     As doon thise wete brondes in hir brennynge;
     And at the brondes ende out ran anon
     As it were blody dropes many oon;
     
     For which so soore agast was Emelye
     That she was wel ny mad, and gan to crye;
     For she ne wiste what it signyfied.
     But oonly for the feere thus hath she cried,
     And weep that it was pitee for to heere;
     
     And therwithal Dyane gan appeere,
     With bowe in honde, right as an hunteresse,
     And seyde, "Doghter, stynt thyn hevynesse.
     Among the goddes hye it is affermed,
     And by eterne word writen and confermed,
     
     Thou shalt ben wedded unto oon of tho
     That han for thee so muchel care and wo.
     But unto which of hem I may nat telle,
     Farwel, for I ne may no lenger dwelle.
     The fires whiche that on myn auter brenne
     
     Shule thee declaren, er that thou go henne,
     Thyn aventure of love, as in this cas."
     And with that word, the arwes in the caas
     Of the goddesse clateren faste and rynge,
     And forth she wente, and made a vanysshynge,
     
     For which this Emelye astoned was,
     And seyde, "What amounteth this, allas!
     I putte me in thy proteccioun,
     Dyane, and in thy disposicioun!"
     And hoom she goth anon the nexte weye.
     
     This is theffect, ther is namoore to seye.
        The nexte houre of Mars folwynge this
     Arcite unto the temple walked is
     Of fierse Mars, to doon his sacrifise
     With alle the rytes of his payen wyse.
     
     With pitous herte and heigh devocioun
     Right thus to Mars he seyde his orisoun.
        "O stronge god, that in the regnes colde
     Of Trace honoured art and lord yholde,
     And hast in every regne and every lond
     
     Of armes al the brydel in thyn hond,
     And hem fortunest as thee lyst devyse,
     Accepte of me my pitous sacrifise.
     If so be that my youthe may deserve,
     And that my myght be worthy for to serve
     
     Thy godhede, that I may been oon of thyne,
     Thanne preye I thee to rewe upon my pyne.
     For thilke peyne, and thilke hoote fir,
     In which thou whilom brendest for desir
     Whan that thow usedest the greet beautee
     
     Of faire yonge fresshe Venus free,
     And haddest hir in armes at thy wille-
     Al though thee ones on a tyme mysfille
     Whan Vulcanus hadde caught thee in his las,
     And foond thee liggynge by his wyf, allas!-
     
     For thilke sorwe that was in thyn herte
     Have routhe as wel, upon my peynes smerte!
     I am yong and unkonnynge as thow woost,
     And, as I trowe, with love offended moost
     That evere was any lyves creature;
     
     For she that dooth me al this wo endure,
     Ne reccheth nevere wher I synke or fleete.
     And wel I woot, er she me mercy heete,
     I moot with strengthe wynne hir in the place.
     And wel I woot, withouten help or grace
     
     Of thee, ne may my strengthe noght availle.
     Thanne help me, lord, tomorwe in my bataille
     For thilke fyr that whilom brente thee,
     As wel as thilke fyr now brenneth me!
     And do that I tomorwe have victorie,
     
     Myn be the travaille and thyn be the glorie.
     Thy sovereyn temple wol I moost honouren
     Of any place, and alwey moost labouren
     In thy plesaunce, and in thy craftes stronge,
     And in thy temple I wol my baner honge,
     
     And alle the armes of my compaignye;
     And evere-mo, unto that day I dye,
     Eterne fir I wol biforn thee fynde.
     And eek to this avow I wol me bynde;
     My beerd, myn heer, that hongeth long adoun,
     
     That nevere yet ne felte offensioun
     Of rasour, nor of shere, I wol thee yeve,
     And ben thy trewe servant whil I lyve.
     Now lord, have routhe upon my sorwes soore;
     Yif me the victorie, I aske thee namoore!"
     
        The preyere stynt of Arcita the stronge;
     The rynges on the temple dore that honge,
     And eek the dores clatereden ful faste,
     Of which Arcita somwhat hym agaste.
     The fyres brenden upon the auter brighte,
     
     That it gan al the temple for to lighte,
     And sweete smel the ground anon upyaf,
     And Arcita anon his hand uphaf,
     And moore encens into the fyr he caste,
     With othere rytes mo, and atte laste
     
     The statue of Mars bigan his hauberk rynge,
     And with that soun he herde a murmurynge,
     Ful lowe and dym, and seyde thus, `Victorie!'
     For which he yaf to Mars honour and glorie;
     And thus with joye and hope wel to fare,
     
     Arcite anon unto his in is fare,
     As fayn as fowel is of the brighte sonne.
        And right anon swich strif ther is bigonne
     For thilke grauntyng in the hevene above
     Bitwixe Venus, the Goddesse of Love,
     
     And Mars the stierne God armypotente,
     That Jupiter was bisy it to stente;
     Til that the pale Saturnus the colde,
     That knew so manye of aventures olde,
     Foond in his olde experience an art
     
     That he ful soone hath plesed every part.
     As sooth is seyd, elde hath greet avantage;
     In elde is bothe wysdom and usage;
     Men may the olde atrenne, and noght atrede.
     Saturne anon, to stynten strif and drede,
     
     Al be it that it is agayn his kynde,
     Of al this strif he gan remedie fynde.
     "My deere doghter Venus," quod Saturne,
     "My cours, that hath so wyde for to turne,
     Hath moore power than woot any man.
     
     Myn is the drenchyng in the see so wan,
     Myn is the prison in the derke cote,
     Myn is the stranglyng and hangyng by the throte,
     The murmure, and the cherles rebellyng,
     The groynynge, and the pryvee empoysonyng.
     
     I do vengeance and pleyn correccioun,
     Whil I dwelle in the signe of the leoun.
     Myn is the ruyne of the hye halles,
     The fallynge of the toures and of the walles
     Upon the mynour, or the carpenter.
     
     I slow Sampsoun shakynge the piler,
     And myne be the maladyes colde,
     The derke tresons, and the castes olde;
     My lookyng is the fader of pestilence.
     Now weep namoore, I shal doon diligence
     
     That Palamon, that is thyn owene knyght,
     Shal have his lady, as thou hast him hight.
     Though Mars shal helpe his knyght, yet nathelees
     Bitwixe yow ther moot be somtyme pees,
     Al be ye noght of o compleccioun-
     
     That causeth al day swich divisioun.
     I am thyn aiel, redy at thy wille,
     Weep now namoore, I wol thy lust fulfille."
     Now wol I stynten of the goddes above,
     Of Mars and of Venus, goddesse of Love,
     
     And telle yow, as pleynly as I kan,
     The grete effect for which that I bygan.
     
     Explicit tercia pars.
     
     Sequitur pars quarta.
     
        Greet was the feeste in Atthenes that day,
     And eek the lusty seson of that May
     Made every wight to been in such plesaunce
     
     That al that Monday justen they and daunce,
     And spenten it in Venus heigh servyse.
     And by the cause that they sholde ryse
     Eerly for to seen the grete fight,
     Unto hir rest wenten they at nyght.
     
     And on the morwe, whan that day gan sprynge,
     Of hors and harneys, noyse and claterynge
     Ther was in hostelryes al aboute.
     And to the paleys rood ther many a route
     Of lordes, upon steedes and palfreys.
     
     Ther maystow seen divisynge of harneys
     So unkouth and so riche, and wroght so weel,
     Of goldsmythrye, of browdynge, and of steel;
     The sheeldes brighte, testeres, and trappures;
     Gold-hewen helmes, hauberkes, cote-armures;
     
     Lordes in parementz on hir courseres,
     Knyghtes of retenue and eek squieres,
     Nailynge the speres, and helmes bokelynge,
     Giggynge of sheeldes, with layneres lacynge.
     There as nede is, they weren nothyng ydel.
     
     The fomy steedes on the golden brydel
     Gnawynge, and faste the armurers also
     With fyle and hamer prikynge to and fro;
     Yemen on foote and communes many oon,
     With shorte staves thikke as they may goon,
     
     Pypes, trompes, nakerers, clariounes,
     That in the bataille blowen blody sounes;
     The paleys ful of peples up and doun,
     Heere thre, ther ten, holdynge hir questioun,
     Dyvynynge of thise Thebane knyghtes two.
     
     Somme seyden thus, somme seyde it shal be so,
     Somme helden with hym with the blake berd,
     Somme with the balled, somme with the thikke-herd,
     Somme seyde he looked grymme, and he wolde fighte,
     He hath a sparth of twenty pound of wighte,
     
     Thus was the halle ful of divynynge
     Longe after that the sonne gan to sprynge.
        The grete Theseus, that of his sleep awaked
     With mynstralcie and noyse that was maked,
     Heeld yet the chambre of his paleys riche,
     
     Til that the Thebane knyghtes, bothe yliche
     Honured, were into the paleys fet.
     Due Theseus was at a wyndow set,
     Arrayed, right as he were a god in trone.
     The peple preesseth thiderward ful soone,
     
     Hym for to seen and doon heigh reverence.
     And eek to herkne his heste and his sentence.
     An heraud on a scaffold made an "Oo!"
     Til al the noyse of peple was ydo,
     And whan he saugh the peple of noyse al stille,
     
     Tho shewed he the myghty dukes wille.
     "The lord hath of his heigh discrecioun
     Considered, that it were destruccioun
     To gentil blood, to fighten in the gyse
     Of mortal bataille, now in this emprise;
     
     Wherfore, to shapen that they shal nat dye,
     He wolde his firste purpos modifye.
     No man therfore, up peyne of los of lyf,
     No maner shot, ne polax, ne short knyf
     Into the lystes sende, ne thider brynge.
     
     Ne short swerd for to stoke, with poynt bitynge,
     No man ne drawe, ne bere by his syde;
     Ne no man shal unto his felawe ryde
     But o cours, with a sharpe ygrounde spere.
     Foyne if hym list on foote, hym-self to were;
     
     And he that is at meschief shal be take,
     And noght slayn, but be broght unto the stake
     That shal ben ordeyned on either syde,
     But thider he shal by force, and there abyde.
     And if so be the chevetayn be take
     
     On outher syde, or elles sleen his make,
     No lenger shal the turneiynge laste.
     God spede you, gooth forth, and ley on faste!
     With long swerd and with maces fight youre fille;
     Gooth now youre wey, this is the lordes wille."
     
        The voys of peple touchede the hevene,
     So loude cride they with murie stevene,
     "God save swich a lord, that is so good
     He wilneth no destruccion of blood."
     Up goon the trompes and the melodye,
     
     And to the lystes rit the compaignye,
     By ordinance, thurgh-out the citee large
     Hanged with clooth of gold, and nat with sarge.
     Ful lik a lord this noble duc gan ryde,
     Thise two Thebanes upon either syde,
     
     And after rood the queene and Emelye,
     And after that another compaignye,
     Of oon and oother, after hir degre;
     And thus they passen thurgh-out the citee
     And to the lystes come they by tyme.
     
     It nas nat of the day yet fully pryme
     Whan set was Theseus ful riche and hye,
     Ypolita the queene, and Emelye,
     And othere ladys in degrees aboute.
     Unto the seettes preesseth al the route,
     
     And westward thurgh the gates under Marte,
     Arcite, and eek the hondred of his parte,
     With baner reed is entred right anon.
     And in that selve moment Palamon
     Is under Venus estward in the place,
     
     With baner whyt, and hardy chiere and face.
     In al the world to seken up and doun
     So evene withouten variacioun
     Ther nere swiche compaignyes tweye!
     For ther was noon so wys, that koude seye
     
     That any hadde of oother avauntage,
     Of worthynesse ne of estaat ne age,
     So evene were they chosen, for to gesse.
     And in two renges faire they hem dresse,
     Whan that hir names rad were everichon,
     
     That in hir nombre gyle were ther noon.
     Tho were the gates shet and cried was loude,
     "Do now youre devoir, yonge knyghtes proude!"
     The heraudes lefte hir prikyng up and doun;
     Now ryngen trompes loude and clarioun.
     
     Ther is namoore to seyn, but west and est
     In goon the speres ful sadly in arrest,
     In gooth the sharpe spore into the syde.
     Ther seen men who kan juste, and who kan ryde,
     Ther shyveren shaftes upon sheeldes thikke;
     
     He feeleth thurgh the herte-spoon the prikke.
     Up spryngen speres twenty foot on highte;
     Out gooth the swerdes as the silver brighte.
     The helmes they tohewen and toshrede,
     Out brest the blood, with stierne stremes rede,
     
     With myghty maces the bones they tobreste.
     He thurgh the thikkeste of the throng gan threste;
     Ther stomblen steedes stronge, and doun gooth al;
     He rolleth under foot as dooth a bal,
     He foyneth on his feet with his tronchoun,
     
     And he hym hurtleth with his hors adoun.
     He thurgh the body is hurt and sithen ytake,
     Maugree his heed, and broght unto the stake,
     As forward was, right there he moste abyde;
     Another lad is on that oother syde.
     
     And som tyme dooth hem Theseus to reste,
     Hem to refresshe, and drynken if hem leste.
     Ful ofte a day han thise Thebanes two
     Togydre ymet, and wroght his felawe wo.
     Unhorsed hath ech oother of hem tweye,
     
     
     Ther nas no tygre in the vlae of Galgopheye
     Whan that hir whelp is stole, whan it is lite,
     So crueel on the hunte, as is Arcite
     For jelous herte upon this Palamoun;
     Ne in Belmarye ther nys so fel leoun
     
     That hunted is, or for his hunger wood,
     Ne of his praye desireth so the blood,
     As Palamoun to sleen his foo Arcite.
     The jelous strokes on hir helmes byte,
     Out renneth blood on bothe hir sydes rede.
     
        Som tyme an ende ther is of every dede;
     For er the sonne unto the reste wente,
     The stronge kyng Emetreus gan hente
     This Palamon, as he faught with Arcite,
     And made his swerd depe in his flessh to byte.
     
     And by the force of twenty is he take
     Unyolden, and ydrawe unto the stake.
     And in the rescous of this Palamoun
     The stronge kyng Lygurge is born adoun,
     And kyng Emetreus, for al his strengthe,
     
     Is born out of his sadel a swerdes lengthe,
     So hitte him Palamoun er he were take;
     But al for noght, he was broght to the stake.
     His hardy herte myghte hym helpe naught,
     He moste abyde, whan that he was caught,
     
     By force, and eek by composicioun.
     Who sorweth now but woful Palamoun,
     That moot namoore goon agayn to fighte?
     And whan that Theseus hadde seyn this sighte
     Unto the folk that foghten thus echon
     
     He cryde, "Hoo! namoore, for it is doon.
     I wol be trewe juge, and no partie;
     Arcite of Thebes shal have Emelie,
     That by his fortune hath hir faire ywonne!"
     Anon ther is a noyse of peple bigonne
     
     For joye of this so loude and heighe withalle
     It semed that the lystes sholde falle.
        What kan now faire Venus doon above?
     What seith she now, what dooth this queene of Love,
     But wepeth so, for wantynge of hir wille,
     
     Til that hir teeres in the lystes fille.
     She seyde, "I am ashamed, doutelees."
     Saturnus seyde, "Doghter, hoold thy pees,
     Mars hath his wille, his knyght hath al his boone,
     And, by myn heed, thow shalt been esed soone."
     
        The trompes with the loude mynstralcie,
     The heraudes that ful loude yolle and crie,
     Been in hir wele for joye of Daun Arcite.
     But herkneth me, and stynteth now a lite,
     Which a myracle ther bifel anon.
     
     This fierse Arcite hath of his helm ydon,
     And on a courser for to shewe his face
     He priketh endelong the large place,
     Lokynge upward upon this Emelye,
     And she agayn hym caste a freendlich eye,
     
     (For wommen, as to speken in commune,
     They folwen al the favour of Fortune)
     And she was al his chiere, as in his herte.
     Out of the ground a furie infernal sterte,
     From Pluto sent, at requeste of Saturne,
     
     For which his hors for fere gan to turne,
     And leep aside and foundred as he leep.
     And er that Arcite may taken keep,
     He pighte hym on the pomel of his heed,
     That in the place he lay as he were deed,
     
     His brest tobrosten with his sadel-bowe.
     As blak he lay as any cole or crowe,
     So was the blood yronnen in his face.
     Anon he was yborn out of the place,
     With herte soor, to Theseus paleys.
     
     Tho was he korven out of his harneys,
     And in a bed ybrought ful faire and blyve,
     For he was yet in memorie and alyve,
     And alwey criynge after Emelye.
     Duc Theseus, with al hes compaignye,
     
     Is comen hoom to Atthenes his citee,
     With alle blisse and greet solempnitee;
     Al be it that this aventure was falle,
     He nolde noght disconforten hem alle.
     Men seyde eek that Arcite shal nat dye,
     
     He shal been heeled of his maladye.
     And of another thyng they weren as fayn,
     That of hem alle was ther noon yslayn,
     Al were they soore yhurt, and namely oon,
     That with a spere was thirled his brest-boon.
     
     To othere woundes, and to broken armes,
     Somme hadden salves, and somme hadden charmes,
     Fermacies of herbes and eek save
     They dronken, for they wolde hir lymes have.
     For which this noble duc as he wel kan,
     
     Conforteth and honoureth every man,
     And made revel al the longe nyght
     Unto the straunge lordes, as was right.
     Ne ther was holden no disconfitynge
     But as a justes or a tourneiynge,
     
     For soothly ther was no disconfiture-
     For fallyng nys nat but an aventure-
     Ne to be lad by force unto the stake
     Unyolden, and with twenty knyghtes take,
     O persone allone, withouten mo,
     
     And haryed forth by arme, foot, and too,
     And eke his steede dryven forth with staves,
     With footmen, bothe yemen and eek knaves,
     It nas aretted hym no vileynye,
     Ther may no man clepen it cowardye.
     
     For which anon duc Theseus leet crye,
     To stynten alle rancour and envye,
     The gree, as wel of o syde as of oother,
     And eyther syde ylik as ootheres brother,
     And yaf hem yiftes after hir degree,
     
     And fully heeld a feeste dayes three,
     And convoyed the kynges worthily
     Out of his toun a journee, largely;
     And hoom wente every man, the righte way,
     Ther was namoore but `fare-wel, have good day.'
     
     Of this bataille I wol namoore endite,
     But speke of Palamoun and of Arcite.
        Swelleth the brest of Arcite, and the soore
     Encreesseth at his herte moore and moore.
     The clothered blood for any lechecraft
     
     Corrupteth, and is in his bouk ylaft,
     That neither veyne-blood, ne ventusynge,
     Ne drynke of herbes may ben his helpynge.
     The vertu expulsif, or animal,
     Fro thilke vertu cleped natural
     
     Ne may the venym voyden, ne expelle.
     The pipes of his longes gonne to swelle,
     And every lacerte in his brest adoun
     Is shent with venym and corrupcioun.
     Hym gayneth neither for to gete his lif
     
     Vomyt upward, ne dounward laxatif;
     Al is tobrosten thilke regioun,
     Nature hath now no dominacioun.
     And certeinly, ther Nature wol nat wirche,
     Fare-wel phisik, go ber the man to chirche!
     
     This al and som, that Arcita moot dye;
     For which he sendeth after Emelye
     And Palamon, that was his cosyn deere.
     Thanne seyde he thus, as ye shal after heere:
     "Naught may the woful spirit in myn herte
     
     Declare o point of alle my sorwes smerte
     To yow, my lady, that I love moost.
     But I biquethe the servyce of my goost
     To yow aboven every creature.
     Syn that my lyf may no lenger dure,
     
     Allas, the wo! allas, the peynes stronge
     That I for yow have suffred, and so longe!
     Allas, the deeth! allas, myn Emelye!
     Allas, departynge of our compaignye!
     Allas, myn hertes queene! allas, my wyf!
     
     Myn hertes lady, endere of my lyf!
     What is this world? what asketh men to have?
     Now with his love, now in his colde grave,
     Allone, withouten any compaignye.
     Fare-wel, my swete foo, myn Emelye,
     
     And softe taak me in youre armes tweye,
     For love of God, and herkneth what I seye.
        "I have heer with my cosyn Palamon
     Had strif and rancour many a day agon,
     For love of yow, and for my jalousye.
     
     And Juppiter so wys my soule gye
     To speken of a servaunt proprely,
     With alle circumstances trewely,
     That is to seyn, trouthe, honour, and knyghthede,
     Wysdom, humblesse, estaat, and heigh kynrede,
     
     Fredom, and al that longeth to that art,
     So Juppiter have of my soule part
     As in this world right now ne knowe I non
     So worthy to ben loved, as Palamon
     That serveth yow, and wol doon al his lyf;
     
     And if that evere ye shul ben a wyf,
     Foryet nat Palamon, the gentil man."
     And with that word his speche faille gan,
     And from his herte up to his brest was come
     The coold of deeth, that hadde hym overcome.
     
     And yet moreover in hise armes two
     The vital strengthe is lost and al ago.
     Oonly the intellect, withouten moore,
     That dwelled in his herte syk and soore
     Gan faillen, when the herte felte deeth.
     
     Dusked hise eyen two, and failled breeth,
     But on his lady yet caste he his eye.
     His laste word was "mercy, Emelye!"
     His spirit chaunged hous, and wente ther
     As I cam nevere, I kan nat tellen wher,
     
     Therfore I stynte; I nam no divinistre,
     Of soules fynde I nat in this registre,
     Ne me ne list thilke opinions to telle
     Of hem, though that they writen wher they dwelle.
     Arcite is coold, ther Mars his soule gye:
     
     Now wol I speken forthe of Emelye.
        Shrighte Emelye, and howleth Palamon,
     And Theseus his suster took anon
     Swownynge, and baar hir fro the corps away.
     What helpeth it to tarien forth the day
     
     To tellen how she weep bothe eve and morwe?
     For in swich cas wommen have swich sorwe
     Whan that hir housbond is from hem ago,
     That for the moore part they sorwen so,
     Or ellis fallen in swich maladye,
     
     That at the laste certeinly they dye.
     Infinite been the sorwes and the teeres
     Of olde folk, and eek of tendre yeeres
     In al the toun, for deeth of this Theban.
     For hym ther wepeth bothe child and man;
     
     So greet a wepyng was ther noon, certayn,
     Whan Ector was ybroght al fressh yslayn
     To Troye, allas, the pitee that was ther!
     Cracchynge of chekes, rentynge eek of heer;
     "Why soldestow be deed," thise wommen crye,
     
     "And haddest gold ynough, and Emelye?"
     No man myghte gladen Theseus,
     Savynge his olde fader, Egeus,
     That knew this worldes transmutacioun,
     As he hadde seyn it chaungen up and doun,
     
     Joye after wo, and wo after gladnesse,
     And shewed hem ensamples and liknesse.
        "Right as ther dyed nevere man," quod he,
     "That he ne lyvede in erthe in som degree,
     Right so ther lyvede never man," he seyde,
     
     "In al this world that somtyme he ne deyde.
     This world nys but a thurghfare ful of wo,
     And we been pilgrymes passynge to and fro.
     Deeth is an ende of every worldes soore."
     And over al this yet seyde he muchel moore,
     
     To this effect ful wisely to enhorte
     The peple, that they sholde hem reconforte.
        Duc Theseus, with al his bisy cure,
     Caste now, wher that the sepulture
     Of goode Arcite may best ymaked be,
     
     And eek moost honurable in his degree.
     And at the laste he took conclusioun
     That ther as first Arcite and Palamoun
     Hadden for love the bataille hem bitwene,
     That in that selve grove swoote and grene
     
     Ther as he hadde hise amorouse desires,
     His compleynte, and for love hise hoote fires
     He wolde make a fyr, in which the office
     Funeral he myghte al accomplice;
     And leet comande anon to hakke and hewe
     
     The okes olde, and leye hem on a rewe
     In colpons, wel arrayed for to brenne.
     Hise officers with swifte feet they renne
     And ryden anon at his comandement;
     And after this Theseus hath ysent
     
     After a beere, and it al over-spradde
     With clooth of gold, the richeste that he hadde.
     And of the same suyte he cladde Arcite,
     Upon his hondes hadde he gloves white,
     EEk on his heed a coroune of laurer grene,
     
     And in his hond a swerd ful bright and kene.
     He leyde hym bare the visage on the beere,
     Ther-with he weep that pitee was to heere.
     And for the peple sholde seen hym alle,
     Whan it was day, he broghte hym to the halle,
     
     That roreth of the criyng and the soun.
     Tho cam this woful Theban, Palamoun,
     With flotery berd and rugged asshy heeres,
     In clothes blake, ydropped al with teeres,
     And passynge othere of wepynge Emelye,
     
     The rewefulleste of al the compaignye.
     In as muche as the servyce sholde be
     The moore noble and riche in his degree,
     Duc Theseus leet forth thre steedes brynge
     That trapped were in steel al gliterynge,
     
     And covered with the armes of daun Arcite.
     Upon thise steedes that weren grete and white
     Ther sitten folk, of whiche oon baar his sheeld,
     Another his spere up in his hondes heeld,
     The thridde baar with hym his bowe Turkeys,
     
     Of brend gold was the caas, and eek the harneys;
     And riden forth a paas, with sorweful cheere,
     Toward the grove, as ye shul after heere.
     The nobleste of the Grekes that ther were
     Upon hir shuldres caryeden the beere,
     
     With slakke paas, and eyen rede and wete,
     Thurghout the citee by the maister-strete,
     That sprad was al with blak, and wonder hye
     Right of the same is the strete ywrye.
     Upon the right hond wente olde Egeus,
     
     And on that oother syde duc Theseus,
     With vessel in hir hand of gold ful fyn,
     Al ful of hony, milk, and blood, and wyn.
     Eek Palamon, with ful greet compaignye,
     And after that cam woful Emelye,
     
     With fyr in honde, as was that tyme the gyse,
     To do the office of funeral servyse.
         Heigh labour, and ful greet apparaillynge,
     Was at the service and the fyr makynge,
     That with his grene top the heven raughte,
     
     And twenty fadme of brede the armes straughte;
     This is to seyn, the bowes weren so brode.
     Of stree first ther was leyd ful many a lode,
     But how the fyr was maked upon highte,
     Ne eek the names that the trees highte,
     
     As, ook, firre, birch, aspe, alder, holm, popeler,
     Wylugh, elm, plane, assh, box, chasteyn, lynde, laurer,
     Mapul, thorn, bech, hasel, ew, whippeltre,
     How they weren fild shal nat be toold for me,
     Ne how the goddes ronnen up and doun
     
     Disherited of hir habitacioun,
     In whiche they woneden in reste and pees,
     Nymphes, Fawnes, and Amadrides;
     Ne how the beestes and the briddes alle
     Fledden for fere, whan the wode was falle;
     
     Ne how the ground agast was of the light,
     That was nat wont to seen the sonne bright;
     Ne how the fyr was couched first with stree,
     And thanne with drye stokkes clovena thre,
     And thanne with grene wode and spicerye,
     
     And thanne with clooth of gold and with perrye,
     And gerlandes hangynge with ful many a flour,
     The mirre, thencens, with al so greet odour;
     Ne how Arcite lay among al this,
     Ne what richesse aboute his body is,
     
     Ne how that Emelye, as was the gyse,
     Putte in the fyr of funeral servyse;
     Ne how she swowned whan men made the fyr,
     Ne what she spak, ne what was hir desir,
     Ne what jeweles men in the fyr caste,
     
     Whan that the fyr was greet and brente faste;
     Ne how somme caste hir sheeld, and somme hir spere,
     And of hire vestimentz whiche that they were,
     And coppes full of wyn, and milk, and blood,
     Into the fyr, that brente as it were wood,
     
     Ne how the Grekes, with an huge route,
     Thryes riden al the place aboute,
     Upon the left hand with a loud shoutynge,
     And thries with hir speres claterynge,
     And thries how the ladyes gonne crye,
     
     And how that lad was homward Emelye;
     Ne how Arcite is brent to asshen colde,
     Ne how that lychewake was yholde
     Al thilke nyght, ne how the Grekes pleye
     The wakepleyes ne kepe I nat to seye,
     
     Who wrastleth best naked, with oille enoynt,
     Ne who that baar hym best in no disjoynt;
     I wol nat tellen eek, how that they goon
     Hoom til Atthenes, whan the pley is doon;
     But shortly to the point thanne wol I wende,
     
     And maken of my longe tale an ende.
        By processe, and by lengthe of certeyn yeres,
     Al stynted is the moornynge and the teres
     Of Grekes, by oon general assent.
     Thanne semed me ther was a parlement
     
     
     At Atthenes, upon certein pointz and caas,
     Among the whiche pointz yspoken was 
     To have with certein contrees alliaunce,
     And have fully of Thebans obeisaunce,
     For which this noble Theseus anon
     
     Leet senden after gentil Palamon,
     Unwist of hym what was the cause and why.
     But in hise blake clothes sorwefully
     He cam at his comandement in hye;
     Tho sente Theseus for Emelye.
     
     Whan they were set, and hust was al the place,
     And Theseus abiden hadde a space
     Er any word cam fram his wise brest,
     Hise eyen sette he ther as was his lest,
     And with a sad visage he siked stille,
     
     And after that right thus he seyde his wille.
        "The firste moevere of the cause above
     Whan he first made the faire cheyne of love,
     Greet was theffect, and heigh was his entente;
     Wel wiste he, why, and what therof he mente,
     
     For with that faire cheyne of love he bond
     The fyr, the eyr, the water, and the lond,
     In certeyn boundes that they may nat flee.
     That same prince and that same moevere," quod he,
     "Hath stablissed in this wrecched world adoun
     
     Certeyne dayes and duracioun
     To al that is engendred in this place,
     Over the whiche day they may nat pace;
     Al mowe they yet tho dayes wel abregge,
     Ther nedeth noght noon auctoritee allegge,
     
     For it is preeved by experience-
     But that me list declaren my sentence.
     Thanne may men by this ordre wel discerne
     That thilke moevere stable is and eterne.
     Wel may men knowe, but it be a fool,
     
     That every part deryveth from his hool;
     For nature hath nat taken his bigynnyng
     Of no partie nor cantel of a thyng,
     But of a thyng that parfit is and stable,
     Descendynge so til it be corrumpable;
     
     And therfore, of his wise purveiaunce,
     He hath so wel biset his ordinaunce,
     That speces of thynges and progressiouns
     Shullen enduren by successiouns,
     And nat eterne, withouten any lye.
     
     This maystow understonde and seen at eye.
     Lo the ook, that hath so long a norisshynge
     From tyme that it first bigynneth sprynge,
     And hath so long a lif, as we may see,
     Yet at the laste wasted is the tree.
     
     Considereth eek, how that the harde stoon
     Under oure feet, on which we trede and goon,
     Yit wasteth it, as it lyth by the weye.
     The brode ryver somtyme wexeth dreye,
     The grete toures se we wane and wende,
     
     Thanne may ye se that al this thyng hath ende.
     Of man and womman seen we wel also,
     That nedeth, in oon of thise termes two,
     This is to seyn, in youthe or elles age,
     He moot be deed, the kyng as shal a page.
     
     Som in his bed, som in the depe see,
     Som in the large feeld, as men may se;
     Ther helpeth noght, al goth that ilke weye,
     Thanne may I seyn that al this thyng moot deye.
     What maketh this, but Juppiter the kyng,
     
     That is prince and cause of alle thyng
     Convertyng al unto his propre welle
     From which it is deryved, sooth to telle,
     And heer agayns no creature on lyve
     Of no degree availleth for to stryve.
     
     Thanne is it wysdom, as it thynketh me,
     To maken vertu of necessitee,
     And take it weel, that we may nat eschue;
     And namely, that to us alle is due.
     And who so gruccheth ought, he dooth folye,
     
     And rebel is to hym that al may gye.
     And certeinly, a man hath moost honour
     To dyen in his excellence and flour,
     Whan he is siker of his goode name,
     Thanne hath he doon his freend ne hym no shame.
     
     And galdder oghte his freend been of his deeth,
     Whan with honour upyolden in his breeth,
     Than whan his name apalled is for age;
     For al forgeten is his vassellage.
     Thanne is it best as for a worthy fame,
     
     To dyen whan that he is best of name.
     The contrarie of al this is wilfulnesse:
     Why grucchen heere his cosyn and his wyf
     That goode Arcite, of chivalrie flour,
     Departed is with duetee and honour
     
     Out of this foule prisoun of this lyf?
     Why grucchen heere his cosyn and his wyf
     Of his welfare, that loved hem so weel?
     Kan he hem thank?  Nay, God woot never a deel!
     That bothe his soule and eek hemself offende,
     
     And yet they mowe hir lustes nat amende.
        What may I concluden of this longe serye,
     But after wo I rede us to be merye,
     And thanken Juppiter of al his grace?
     And er that we departen from this place
     
     I rede that we make, of sorwes two,
     O parfit joye lastyng everemo.
     And looketh now, wher moost sorwe is her inne,
     Ther wol we first amenden and bigynne.
        "Suster," quod he, "this is my fulle assent,
     
     With all thavys heere of my parlement,
     That gentil Palamon thyn owene kynght,
     That serveth yow with wille, herte, and myght,
     And evere hath doon, syn that ye first hym knewe,
     That ye shul of your grace upon hym rewe,
     
     And taken hym for housbonde and for lord.
     Lene me youre hond, for this is oure accord.
     Lat se now of youre wommanly pitee;
     He is a kynges brother sone, pardee,
     And though he were a povre bacheler,
     
     Syn he hath served yow so many a yeer,
     And had for yow so greet adversitee,
     It moste been considered, leeveth me,
     For gentil mercy oghte to passen right."
     Thanne seyde he thus to Palamon ful right:
     
     "I trowe ther nedeth litel sermonyng
     To make yow assente to this thyng.
     Com neer, and taak youre lady by the hond."
        Bitwixen hem was maad anon the bond
     That highte matrimoigne, or mariage,
     
     By al the conseil and the baronage.
     And thus with alle blisse and melodye
     Hath Palamon ywedded Emelye;
     And God, that al this wyde world hath wroght,
     Sende hym his love that hath it deere aboght!
     
     For now is Palamon in alle wele,
     Lyvynge in blisse, in richesse, and in heele,
     And Emelye hym loveth so tendrely,
     And he hir serveth al so gentilly,
     That nevere was ther no word hem bitwene,
     
     Of jalousie, or any oother teene.
     Thus endeth Palamon and Emelye,
     And God save al this faire compaignye!-Amen-
     
     Heere is ended the knyghtes tale.
     Part 3
     
     PROLOGUE TO THE MILLERES TALE
     
     Heere folwen the wordes bitwene the Hoost and the Millere
     
        Whan that the Knyght had thus his tale ytoold,
     In al the route ne was ther yong ne oold
     
     That he ne seyde it was a noble storie,
     And worthy for to drawen to memorie;
     And namely the gentils everichon.
     Oure Hooste lough, and swoor, "So moot I gon,
     This gooth aright, unbokeled is the male,
     
     Lat se now who shal telle another tale,
     For trewely the game is wel bigonne.
     Now telleth on, sir Monk, if that ye konne
     Somwhat to quite with the Knyghtes tale."
     The Miller that for-dronken was al pale,
     
     So that unnethe upon his hors he sat,
     He nolde avalen neither hood ne hat,
     Ne abyde no man for his curteisie,
     But in Pilates voys he gan to crie,
     And swoor by armes and by blood and bones,
     
     "I kan a noble tale for the nones,
     With which I wol now quite the Knyghtes tale."
     Oure Hooste saugh that he was dronke of ale,
     And seyde, "Abyd, Robyn, my leeve brother,
     Som bettre man shal telle us first another,
     
     Abyd, and lat us werken thriftily."
     "By Goddes soule," quod he, "that wol nat I,
     For I wol speke, or elles go my wey."
     Oure Hoost answerde, "Tel on, a devele wey!
     Thou art a fool, thy wit is overcome!
     
     "Now herkneth," quod the Miller, "alle and some,
     But first I make a protestacioun
     That I am dronke, I knowe it by my soun;
     And therfore, if that I mysspeke or seye,
     Wyte it the ale of Southwerk I you preye.
     
     For I wol telle a legende and a lyf
     Bothe of a carpenter and of his wyf,
     How that a clerk hath set the wrightes cappe."
     The Rev answerde and seyde, "Stynt thy clappe,
     Lat be thy lewed dronken harlotrye,
     
     It is a synne and eek a greet folye 
     To apeyren any man or hym defame,
     And eek to bryngen wyves in swich fame;
     Thou mayst ynogh of othere thynges seyn."
     This dronke Miller spak ful soone ageyn,
     
     And seyde, "Leve brother Osewold,
     Who hath no wyf, he is no cokewold.
     But I sey nat therfore that thou art oon,
     Ther been ful goode wyves many oon,
     And evere a thousand goode ayeyns oon badde;
     
     That knowestow wel thyself, but if thou madde.
     Why artow angry with my tale now?
     I have a wyf, pardee, as wel as thow,
     Yet nolde I for the oxen in my plogh
     Take upon me moore than ynogh,
     
     As demen of myself that I were oon;
     I wol bileve wel, that I am noon.
     An housbonde shal nat been inquisityf
     Of Goddes pryvetee, nor of his wyf.
     So he may fynde Goddes foysoun there,
     
     Of the remenant nedeth nat enquere."
     What sholde I moore seyn, but this Miller
     He nolde his wordes for no man forbere,
     But tolde his cherles tale in his manere;
     Me thynketh that I shal reherce it heere.
     
     And therfore every gentil wight I preye,
     For Goddes love, demeth nat that I seye
     Of yvel entente, but that I moot reherce
     Hir tales alle, be they bettre or werse,
     Or elles falsen som of my mateere.
     
     And therfore who-so list it nat yheere,
     Turne over the leef, and chese another tale;
     For he shal fynde ynowe, grete and smale,
     Of storial thyng that toucheth gentillesse,
     And eek moralitee, and hoolynesse.
     
     
     Blameth nat me if that ye chese amys;
     The Miller is a cherl, ye knowe wel this,
     So was the Reve, and othere manye mo,
     And harlotrie they tolden bothe two.
     Avyseth yow, and put me out of blame,
     
     And eek men shal nat maken ernest of game.
     
     THE TALE
     
        (One John, a rich and credulous carpenter of Oxford, is
     beguiled by his wife Alison, through Nicholas, a poor 
     scholar boarding with them.  Absolon, the parish clerk, is
     slighted by Alison; but wreaks vengeance on Nicholas.)
     Part 4
     
     PROLOGUE TO THE REVES TALE
     
     The prologe of the Reves Tale.
     
        Whan folk hadde laughen at this nyce cas
     Of Absolon and hende Nicholas,
     Diverse folk diversely they seyde,
     But for the moore part they loughe and pleyde,
     Ne at this tale I saugh no man hym greve,
     
     But it were oonly Osewold the Reve;
     Bycause he was of carpenteres craft,
     A litel ire is in his herte ylaft;
     He gan to grucche, and blamed it a lite.
     "So theek," quod he, "ful wel koude I you quite,
     
     With bleryng of a proud milleres eye,
     If that me liste speke of ribaudye.
     But ik am oold, me list no pley for age,
     Gras-tyme is doon, my fodder is now forage,
     This white top writeth myne olde yeris,
     
     Myn herte is also mowled as myne heris,
     But if I fare as dooth an openers;
     That ilke fruyt is ever leng the wers,
     Til it be roten in mullok or in stree.
     We olde men, I drede, so fare we,
     
     Til we be roten kan we nat be rype.
     We hoppen ay whil that the world wol pype,
     For in oure wyl ther stiketh evere a nayl
     To have an hoor heed and a grene tayl,
     As hath a leek, for thogh oure myght be goon,
     
     Oure wyl desireth folie evere in oon.
     For whan we may nat doon, than wol we speke,
     Yet in oure asshen olde is fyr yreke.
     Foure gleedes han we whiche I shal devyse,
     Avauntyng, liyng, anger, coveitise;
     
     Thise foure sparkles longen unto eelde.
     Oure olde lemes mowe wel been unweelde,
     But wyl ne shal nat faillen, that is sooth.
     And yet ik have alwey a coltes tooth,
     As many a yeer as it is passed henne
     
     Syn that my tappe of lif bigan to renne.
     For sikerly whan I was bore, anon
     Deeth drough the tappe of lyf, and leet it gon,
     And ever sithe hath so the tappe yronne,
     Til that almoost al empty is the tonne.
     
     The streem of lyf now droppeth on the chymbe;
     The sely tonge may wel rynge and chymbe
     Of wrecchednesse that passed is ful yoore.
     With olde folk, save dotage, is namoore."
        Whan that oure Hoost hadde herd this sermonyng,
     
     He gan to speke as lordly as a kyng,
     He seide, "What amounteth al this wit?
     What shul we speke alday of hooly writ?
     The devel made a reve  for to preche,
     And of a soutere, shipman, or a leche.
     
     Sey forth thy tale, and tarie nat the tyme.
     Lo Depeford, and it is half-wey pryme;
     Lo, Grenewych, ther many a shrewe is inne;
     It were al tyme thy tale to bigynne."
        "Now sires," quod this Osewold the Reve,
     
     "I pray yow alle, that ye nat yow greve,
     Thogh I answere, and somdeel sette his howve,
     For leveful is with force force of-showve.
        This dronke Millere hath ytoold us heer, 
     How that bigyled was a Carpenteer,
     
     Peraventure in scorn, for I am oon;
     And by youre leve I shal hym quite anoon.
     Right in his cherles termes wol I speke,
     I pray to God his nekke mote breke!
     He kan wel in myn eye seen a stalke,
     
     But in his owene he kan nat seen a balke."
     
        (Simkin, a rich thieving miller of Trumpington Mill, near
     Cambridge, is well served by two Cambridge clerks of the
     north country, who beguile his wife and daughter, recover
     the stolen meal which he had hid, and leave him well beaten.)
     
     Part 5
     
     THE PROLOGUE TO THE COKES TALE.
     
     The prologe of the Cokes Tale.
     
        The Cook of London, whil the Reve spak,
     For joye him thoughte, he clawed him on the bak.
     "Ha! ha!" quod he, "for Criste passioun,
     This miller hadde a sharp conclusioun
     Upon his argument of herbergage.
     
     Wel seyde Salomon in his langage,
     `Ne brynge nat every man into thyn hous,'
     For herberwynge by nyghte is perilous.
     Wel oghte a man avysed for to be,
     Whom that be broghte into his pryvetee.
     
     I pray to God so yeve me sorwe and care,
     If evere sitthe I highte Hogge of Ware,
     Herde I a millere bettre yset awerk.
     He hadde a jape of malice in the derk.
     But God forbede that we stynte heere,
     
     And therfore, if ye vouche-sauf to heere
     A tale of me that am a povre man,
     I wol yow telle, as wel as evere I kan,
     A litel jape that fil in oure citee."
     Oure Hoost answerde and seide, "I graunte it thee,
     
     Now telle on, Roger, looke that it be good,
     For many a pastee hastow laten blood,
     And many a Jakke of Dovere hastow soold
     That hath been twies hoot and twies cold.
     Of many a pilgrim hastow Cristes curs,
     
     For of thy percely yet they fare the wors,
     That they han eten with thy stubbel-goos,
     For in thy shoppe is many a flye loos.
     Now telle on, gentil Roger, by thy name,
     But yet I pray thee, be nat wroth for game,
     
     A man may seye ful sooth in game and pley."
     "Thou seist ful sooth," quod Roger, "by my fey;
     But `sooth pley quaad pley,' as the Flemyng seith.
     And ther-fore, Herry Bailly, by thy feith,
     Be thou nat wrooth, er we departen heer,
     
     Though that my tale be of an hostileer.
     But nathelees I wol nat telle it yit,
     But er we parte, ywis, thou shalt be quit."
     And ther-with-al he lough and made cheere,
     And seyde his tale, as ye shul after heere.
     
     THE TALE (Unfinished).
     
        (Perkin, a London apprentice, being dismissed by his
     master, seeks his companions in dice, revel and disport.)
     
     Part 6
     
     GROUP B.
     
     PROLOGUE OF THE MAN OF LAWE.
     
     The wordes of the Hoost to the compaignye.
     
        Oure Hooste saugh wel that the brighte sonne
     The ark of his artificial day hath ronne
     The ferthe part, and half an houre and moore;
     And though he were nat depe expert in loore,
     He wiste ti was the eightetethe day
     
     Of Aprill, that is messager to May;
     And saugh wel, that the shadwe of every tree
     Was as in lengthe the same quantitee
     That was the body erect that caused it,
     And therfore by the shadwe he took his wit
     
     That Phebus, which that shoon so clere and brighte,
     Degrees was fyve and fourty clombe on highte;
     And for that day, as in that latitude,
     It was ten at the clokke, he gan conclude,
     And sodeynly he plighte his hors aboute.-
     
     "Lordynges," quod he, "I warne yow, al this route,
     The fourthe party of this day is gon.
     Now for the love of God and of Seint John,
     Leseth no tyme, as ferforth as ye may.
     Lordynges, the tyme wasteth nyght and day,
     
     And steleth from us, what pryvely slepynge,
     
     And what thurgh necligence in oure wakynge,
     As dooth the streem, that turneth nevere agayn,
     Descendyng fro the montaigne into playn.
     Wel kan Senec and many a philosophre
     
     Biwaillen tyme, moore than gold in cofre.
     `for losse of catel may recovered be,
     But losse of tyme shendeth us,' quod he.
     It wol nat come agayn, withouten drede,
     Namoore than wole Malkynes maydenhede,
     
     Whan she hath lost it in hir wantownesse.
     Lat us nat mowlen thus in ydelnesse;
     Sir man of lawe," quod he, "so have ye blis,
     Telle us a tale anon, as forward is.
     Ye been submytted thurgh youre free assent
     
     To stonden in this cas at my juggement.
     Acquiteth yow as now of youre biheeste,
     Thanne have ye do youre devoir atte leeste."
        "Hooste," quod he, "Depardieux ich assente,
     To breke forward is nat myn entente.
     
     Biheste is dette, and I wole holde fayn
     Al my biheste, I kan no bettre sayn.
     For swich lawe as a man yeveth another wight,
     He sholde hymselven usen it by right;
     Thus wole oure text, but nathelees certeyn
     
     I kan right now no thrifty tale seyn;
     But Chaucer, thogh he kan but lewedly
     On metres and on rymyng craftily,
     Hath seyd hem in swich Englissh as he kan,
     Of olde tyme, as knoweth many a man.
     
     And if he have noght seyd hem, leve brother,
     In o book, he hath seyd hem in another.
     For he hath toold of loveris up and doun
     Mo than Ovide made of mencioun,
     In hise Episteles that been ful olde;
     
     What sholde I tellen hem, syn they ben tolde?
     In youthe he made of Ceys and Alcione,
     And sitthen hath he spoken of everichone
     Thise noble wyves and thise loveris eke.
     Whoso that wole his large volume seke
     
     Cleped the Seintes Legende of Cupide,
     Ther may he seen the large woundes wyde
     Of Lucresse, and of Babilan Tesbee,
     The swerd of Dido for the false Enee,
     The tree of Phillis for hir Demophon,
     
     The pleinte of Dianire and Hermyon,
     Of Adriane and of Isiphilee,
     The bareyne yle stondynge in the see,
     The dreynte Leandre for his Erro,
     The teeris of Eleyne, and eek the wo
     
     Of Brixseyde, and of the, Ladomea,
     The crueltee of the, queene Medea,
     Thy litel children hangyng by the hals
     For thy Jason, that was in love so fals.
     O Ypermystra, Penolopee, Alceste,
     
     Youre wyfhede he comendeth with the beste!
     But certeinly no word ne writeth he
     Of thilke wikke ensample of Canacee,
     That loved hir owene brother synfully-
     Of swiche cursed stories I sey fy!-
     
     Or ellis of Tyro Appollonius,
     How that the cursed kyng Antiochus
     Birafte his doghter of hir maydenhede,
     That is so horrible a tale for to rede,
     Whan he hir threw upon the pavement.
     
     And therfore he, of ful avysement,
     Nolde nevere write, in none of his sermouns,
     Of swiche unkynde abhomynaciouns;
     Ne I wol noon reherce, if that I may.
     But of my tale how shall I doon this day?
     
     Me were looth be likned, doutelees,
     To Muses that men clepe Pierides-
     Methamorphosios woot what I mene-
     But nathelees, I recche noght a bene
     Though I come after hym with hawebake,
     
     I speke in prose, and lat him rymes make."
     And with that word he, with a sobre cheere,
     Bigan his tale, as ye shal after heere.
     Part 7
     
     THE TALE OF THE MAN OF LAWE.
     
     The prologe of the Mannes Tale of Lawe.
     
        O hateful harm, condicion of poverte!
     With thurst, with coold, with hunger so confoundid!
     To asken help thee shameth in thyn herte,
     If thou noon aske, so soore artow ywoundid
     That verray nede unwrappeth al thy wounde hid;
     Maugree thyn heed thou most for indigence
     Or stele, or begge, or borwe thy despence!
     
     Thow blamest Crist, and seist ful bitterly
     He mysdeparteth richesse temporal.
     Thy neighebore thou wytest synfully,
     And seist thou hast to lite and he hath al.
     "Parfay!" seistow, "somtyme he rekene shal,
     Whan that his tayl shal brennen in the gleede,
     For he noght helpeth needfulle in hir neede."
     
     Herkne what is the sentence of the wise,
     "Bet is to dyen than have indigence."
     Thy selve neighebor wol thee despise,
     If thou be povre, farwel thy reverence!
     Yet of the wise man take this sentence,
     "Alle dayes of povre men been wikke;"
     Be war therfore, er thou come to that prikke.
     
     If thou be povre, thy brother hateth thee,
     And alle thy freendes fleen from thee; allas,
     O riche marchauntz, ful of wele been yee!
     O noble, o prudent folk, as in this cas!
     Youre bagges been nat fild with ambes as,
     But with sys cynk, that renneth for youre chaunce,
     At Cristemasse myrie may ye daunce!
     
     Ye seken lond and see for your wynnynges,
     As wise folk ye knowen all thestaat
     Of regnes; ye been fadres of tydynges
     And tales, bothe of pees and of debaat.
     I were right now of tales desolaat
     Nere that a marchant, goon is many a yeere,
     Me taughte a tale, which that ye shal heere.
     
     Heere begynneth the Man of Lawe his Tale.
     
        In Surrye whilom dwelte a compaignye
     Of chapmen riche, and therto sadde and trewe,
     That wyde-where senten hir spicerye,
     Clothes of gold, and satyns riche of hewe.
     Hir chaffare was so thrifty and so newe
     That every wight hath deyntee to chaffare
     With hem, and eek to sellen hem hir ware.
     
     Now fil it, that the maistres of that sort 
     Han shapen hem to Rome for to wende;
     Were it for chapmanhode, or for disport,
     Noon oother message wolde they thider sende,
     But comen hemself to Rome, this is the ende,
     And in swich place as thoughte hem avantage
     For hir entente, they take hir herbergage.
     
     Sojourned han thise Marchantz in that toun
     A certein tyme, as fil to hire plesance.
     And so bifel, that thexcellent renoun
     Of the Emperoures doghter, Dame Custance,
     Reported was, with every circumstance
     Unto thise Surryen marchantz in swich wyse
     Fro day to day, as I shal yow devyse.
     
     This was the commune voys of every man:
     "Oure Emperour of Rome, God hym see,
     A doghter hath, that syn the world bigan,
     To rekene as wel hir goodnesse as beautee,
     Nas nevere swich another as is shee.
     I prey to God in honour hir sustene
     And wolde she were of all Europe the queene!
     
     In hir is heigh beautee, withoute pride,
     Yowthe, withoute grenehede or folye,
     To alle hir werkes vertu is hir gyde,
     Humblesse hath slayn in hir al tirannye,
     She is mirour of alle curteisye,
     Hir herte is verray chambre of hoolynesse,
     Hir hand ministre of fredam for almesse."
     
     And al this voys was sooth, as God is trewe!
     But now to purpos, lat us turne agayn;
     Thise marchantz han doon fraught hir shippes newe,
     And whan they han this blisful mayden sayn,
     Hoom to Surrye been they went ful fayn,
     And doon hir nedes as they han doon yoore,
     And lyven in wele, I kan sey yow namoore.
     
     Now fil it, that thise marchantz stode in grace
     Of hym, that was the Sowdan of Surrye.
     For whan they cam from any strange place,
     He wolde, of his benigne curteisye,
     Make hem good chiere, and bisily espye
     Tidynges of sondry regnes, for to leere
     The wondres that they myghte seen or heere.
     
     Amonges othere thynges, specially
     Thise marchantz han hym toold of dame Custance
     So greet noblesse, in ernest ceriously,
     That this Sowdan hath caught so greet plesance
     To han hir figure in his remembrance,
     That all his lust and al his bisy cure
     Was for to love hir, while his lyf may dure.
     
     Praventure in thilke large book,
     Which that men clipe the hevene, ywriten was
     With sterres, whan that he his birthe took,
     That he for love sholde han his deeth, allas!
     For in the sterres clerer than is glas
     Is writen, God woot, whoso koude it rede,
     The deeth of every man, withouten drede.
     
     In sterres many a wynter therbiforn
     Was writen the deeth of Ector, Achilles,
     Of Pompei, Julius, er they were born,
     The strif of Thebes, and of Ercules,
     Of Sampson, Turnus, and of Socrates
     The deeth, but mennes wittes ben so dulle
     That no wight kan wel rede it atte fulle.
     
     This Sowdan for his privee conseil sente,
     And, shortly of this matiere for to pace,
     He hath to hem declared his entente
     And seyde hem, certein, but he myghte have grace
     To han Custance withinne a litel space,
     He nas but deed; and charged hem in hye
     To shapen for his lyf som remedye.
     
     Diverse men diverse thynges seyden;
     They argumenten, casten up and doun,
     Many a subtil resoun forth they leyden,
     They speken of magyk and abusioun;
     But finally, as in conclusioun,
     They kan nat seen in that noon avantage,
     Ne in noon oother wey, save mariage.
     
     Thanne sawe they therin swich difficultee
     By wey of reson, for to speke al playn
     Bycause that ther was swich diversitee
     Bitwene hir bothe lawes, that they sayn
     They trowe that "no cristene prince wolde fayn
     Wedden his child under oure lawes swete
     That us were taught by Mahoun oure prophete."
     
     And he answerde: "Rather than I lese
     Custance, I wol be cristned, doutelees.
     I moot been hires, I may noon oother chese;
     I prey yow, hoold youre argumentz in pees.
     
     Saveth my lyf, and beth noght recchelees
     To geten hir that hath my lyf in cure,
     For in this wo I may nat longe endure."
     
     What nedeth gretter dilatacioun?
     I syey, by tretys and embassadrye
     And by the popes mediacioun,
     And al the chirche and al the chivalrie,
     That in destruccioun of Mawmettrie
     And in encrees of Cristes lawe deere,
     They been acorded, so as ye shal heere,
     
     How that the Sowdan and his baronage
     And alle hise liges sholde ycristned be-
     And he shal han Custance in mariage,
     And certein gold, I noot what quantitee,
     And heerto founden suffisant suretee.
     This same accord was sworn on eyther syde.
     Now, faire Custance, almyghty God thee gyde!
     
     Now wolde som men waiten, as I gesse,
     That I sholde tellen al the purveiance
     That themperour, of his grete noblesse,
     Hath shapen for his doghter dame Custance;
     Wel may men knowen that so greet ordinance
     May no man tellen in alitel clause
     As was arrayed for so heigh a cause.
     
     Bisshopes been shapen with hir for to wende,
     Lordes, ladies, knyghtes of renoun,
     And oother folk ynogh, this is the ende,
     And notified is, thurghout the toun,
     That every wight with greet devocioun
     Sholde preyen Crist, that he this mariage
     Receyve in gree, and spede this viage.
     
     The day is comen of hir departynge,
     I seye, the woful day fatal is come,
     That ther may be no lenger tariynge,
     But forthward they hem dressen, alle and some.
     Custance, that was with sorwe al overcome,
     Ful pale arist, and dresseth hir to wende,
     For wel she seeth ther is noon oother ende.
     
     Allas, what wonder is it thogh she wepte,
     That shal be sent to strange nacioun
     Fro freendes that so tendrely hir kepte,
     And to be bounden under subjeccioun
     Of oon, she knoweth nat his condicioun?
     Housbondes been alle goode, and han ben yoore,
     That knowen wyves!  I dar sey yow namoore.
     
     "Fader," she seyde, "Thy wrecched child Custance,
     Thy yonge doghter, fostred up so softe,
     And ye my mooder, my soverayn plesance,
     Over alle thyng, out-taken Crist on-lofte,
     Custance, youre child, hir recomandeth ofte
     Unto your grace, for I shal to Surrye
     Ne shal I nevere seen yow moore with eye.
     
     Allas! unto the barbre nacioun
     I moste goon, syn that it is youre wille,
     But Crist, that starf for our savacioun,
     So yeve me grace hise heestes to fulfille,-
     I, wrecche womman, no fors though I spille.
     Wommen are born to thraldom and penance,
     And to been under mannes governance."
     
     I trowe, at Troye whan Pirrus brak the wal,
     Or Ilion brende, ne at Thebes the Citee,
     Ne at Rome for the harm thurgh Hanybal
     
     That Romayns hath venquysshed tymes thre,
     Nas herd swich tendre wepyng for pitee
     As in the chambre was, for his departynge;
     But forth she moot, wher-so she wepe or synge.
     
     O firste moevyng crueel firmanent,
     With thy diurnal sweigh, that crowdest ay
     And hurlest al from Est til Occident
     That naturelly wolde holde another way,
     Thy crowdyng set the hevene in swich array
     At the bigynnyng of this fiers viage,
     That crueel Mars hath slayn this mariage.
     
     Infortunat ascendent tortuous,
     Of which the lord is helplees falle, allas!
     Out of his angle into the derkeste hous.
     O Mars! O Atazir! as in this cas,
     O fieble Moone, unhappy been thy paas!
     Thou knyttest thee, ther thou art nat receyved;
     Ther thou were weel, fro thennes artow weyved.-
     
     Imprudent Emperour of Rome, allas!
     Was ther no philosophre in al thy toun?
     Is no tyme bet than oother in swich cas?
     Of viage is ther noon eleccioun,
     Namely to folk of heigh condicioun,
     Noght whan a roote is of a burthe yknowe?
     Allas, we been to lewed or to slowe!
     
     To ship is brought this woful faire mayde
     Solempnely, with every circumstance,
     "Now Jesu Crist be with yow alle," she seyde.
     Ther nys namoore but, "Farewel faire Custance!"
     She peyneth hir to make good contenance,
     And forth I lete hir saille in this manere,
     And turne I wole agayn to my matere.
     
        The mooder of the Sowdan, welle of vyices,
     Espied hath hir sones pleyne entente,
     How he wol lete hise olde sacrifices,
     And right anon she for hir conseil sente,
     And they been come, to knowe what she mente,
     And whan assembled was this folk in feere,
     She sette hir doun, and seyde as ye shal heere.
     
     "Lordes," quod she, "ye knowen everichon,
     How that my sone in point is for to lete
     The hooly lawes of oure Alkaron,
     Yeven by Goddes message, Makomete.
     But oon avow to grete God I heete,
     The lyf shal rather out of my body sterte,
     Than Makometes lawe out of myn herte!
     
     What sholde us tyden of this newe lawe
     But thraldom to our bodies, and penance,
     And afterward in helle to be drawe
     For we reneyed Mahoun oure creance?
     But lordes, wol ye maken assurance
     As I shal seyn, assentynge to my loore,
     And I shal make us sauf for everemoore."
     
        They sworen and assenten every man
     To lyve with hir, and dye, and by hir stonde,
     And everich in the beste wise he kan
     To strengthen hir shal alle hise frendes fonde,
     And she hath this emprise ytake on honde,
     Which ye shal heren, that I shal devyse.
     And to hem alle she spak right in this wyse:
     
     "We shul first feyne us cristendom to take,-
     Coold water shal nat greve us but a lite-
     And I shal swich a feeste and revel make,
     That as I trowe I shal the Sowdan quite;
     For thogh his wyf be cristned never so white,
     She shal have nede to wasshe awey the rede,
     Thogh she a fontful water with hir lede!"
     
        O Sowdanesse, roote of iniquitee!
     Virage, thou Semyrame the secounde!
     O serpent under femynyntee,
     Lik to the serpent depe in helle ybounde!
     O feyned womman, al that may confounde
     Vertu and innocence thurgh thy malice
     Is bred in thee, as nest of every vice!
     
     O Sathan, envious syn thilke day
     That thou were chaced from oure heritage,
     Wel knowestow to wommen the olde way!
     Thou madest Eva brynge us in servage;
     Thou wolt fordoon this cristen mariage.
     Thyn instrument, so weylawey the while!
     Makestow of wommen, whan thou wolt bigile!
     
     This Sowdanesse, whom I thus blame and warie,
     Leet prively hir conseil goon hir way.
     What sholde I in this tale lenger tarie?
     She rydeth to the Sowdan on a day
     And seyde hym, that she wolde reneye hir lay,
     And cristendom of preestes handes fonge,
     Repentynge hir she hethen was so longe;
     
     Bisechynge hym to doon hir that honour
     That she moste han the cristen folk to feeste.
     "To plesen hem I wol do my labour."
     The Sowdan seith, "I wol doon at youre heeste,"
     And knelynge thanketh hir of that requeste.
     So gald he was, he nyste what to seye;
     She kiste hir sone, and hoome she gooth hir weye.
     
     Explicit prima pars.
     
     Sequitur pars secunda.
     
        Arryved been this cristen folk to londe,
     In Surrye, with a greet solempne route,
     And hastifliche this Sowdan sente his sonde
     First to his mooder and all the regne aboute,
     And seyde his wyf was comen, oute of doute,
     And preyde hir for to ryde agayn the queene,
     The honour of his regne to susteene.
     
     Greet was the prees, and riche was tharray
     Of Surryens and Romayns met yfeere;
     The mooder of the Sowdan, riche and gay,
     Receyveth hir with also glad a cheere
     As any mooder myghte hir doghter deere,
     And to the nexte citee ther bisyde
     A softe pass solempnely they ryde.
     
     
     Noght trowe I the triumphe of Julius,
     Of which that Lucan maketh swich a boost,
     Was roialler, ne moore curius
     Than was thassemblee of this blisful hoost.
     But this scorpioun, this wikked goost,
     The Sowdanesse, for all hir falterynge
     Caste under this ful mortally to stynge.
     
     The Sowdabn comth hymself soone after this
     So roially, that wonder is to telle,
     And welcometh hir with alle joye and blis,
     And thus in murthe and joye I lete hem dwelle-
     The fruyt of this matiere is that I telle.-
     Whan tyme cam, men thoughte it for the beste,
     The revel stynte, and men goon to hir reste.
     
     The tyme cam, this olde Sowdanesse
     Ordeyned hath this feeste of which I tolde,
     And to the feeste cristen folk hem dresse
     In general, ye, bothe yonge and olde.
     Heere may men feeste and roialtee biholde,
     And deyntees mo than I kan yow devyse;
     But al to deere they boghte it er they ryse!
     
        O sodeyn wo, that evere art successour
     To worldly blisse, spreynd with bitternesse!
     The ende of the joye of oure worldly labour!
     Wo occupieth the fyn of oure galdnesse!
     Herke this conseil for thy sikernesse,
     Upon thy galde day have in thy minde
     The unwar wo or harm that comth bihynde.
     
     For shortly for to tellen at o word,
     The Sowdan and the cristen everichone
     Been al tohewe and stiked at the bord,
     But it were oonly dame Custance allone.
     This olde Sowdanesse, cursed krone,
     Hath with hir freendes doon this cursed dede,
     For she hirself wolde all the contree lede.
     
     Ne was ther Surryen noon, that was converted,
     That of the conseil of the Sowdan woot,
     That he nas al tohewe er he asterted.
     And Custance han they take anon foot-hoot
     And in a ship all steerelees, God woot,
     They han hir set, and biddeth hir lerne saille
     Out of Surrye agaynward to Ytaille.
     
     A certein tresor that she thider ladde,
     And, sooth to seyn, vitaille greet plentee
     They han hir yeven, and clothes eek she hadde,
     And forth she sailleth in the salte see.
     O my Custance, ful of benignytee,
     O emperoures yonge doghter deere,
     He that is lord of Fortune be thy steere!
     
     She blesseth hir, and with ful pitous voys
     Unto the croys of Crist thus seyde she,
     "O cleere, o welful auter, hooly croys,
     Reed of the lambes blood, ful of pitee,
     That wesshe the world fro the olde iniquitee,
     Me fro the feend and fro his clawes kepe,
     That day that I shal drenchen in the depe.
     
     Victorious tree, proteccioun of trewe,
     That oonly worthy were for to bere
     The kyng of hevene with his woundes newe,
     The white lamb that hurt was with the spere,
     Flemer of feendes out of hym and here
     On which thy lymes feithfully extenden,
     Me keep, and yif me myght my lyf tamenden."
     
     Yeres and dayes fleteth this creature
     Thurghout the See of Grece unto the Strayte
     Of Marrok, as it was hir aventure.
     On many a sory meel now may she bayte;
     After hir deeth ful often may she wayte,
     Er that the wilde wawes wol hire dryve
     Unto the place ther she shal arryve.
     
        Men myghten asken why she was nat slayn?
     Eek at the feeste who myghte hir body save?
     And I answere to that demande agayn,
     Who saved Danyel in the horrible cave,
     Ther every wight save he, maister and knave,
     Was with the leoun frete, er he asterte?
     No wight but God, that he bar in his herte.
     
     God liste to shewe his wonderful myracle
     In hir, for we sholde seen his myghty werkis.
     Crist, which that is to every harm triacle,
     By certeine meenes ofte, as knowen clerkis,
     Dooth thyng for certein ende, that ful derk is
     To mannes wit, that for oure ignorance
     Ne konne noght knowe his prudent purveiance.
     
     Now, sith she was nat at the feeste yslawe,
     Who kepte hir fro the drenchyng in the see?
     Who kepte Jonas in the fisshes mawe
     Til he was spouted up at Nynyvee?
     Wel may men knowe it was no wight but he
     That kepte peple Ebrayk from hir drenchynge,
     With drye feet thurghout the see passynge.
     
     Who bad the foure spirites of tempest,
     That power han tanoyen lond and see,
     "Bothe north and south, and also west and est,
     Anoyeth neither see, ne land, ne tree?"
     Soothly, the comandour of that was he,
     That fro the tempest ay this womman kepte,
     As wel eek when she wook as whan she slepte.
     
     Where myghte this womman mete and drynke have?
     Thre yeer and moore how lasteth hir vitaille?
     Who fedde the Egypcien Marie in the cave,
     Or in desert?
     no wight but Crist sanz faille.
     Fyve thousand folk it was as greet mervaille
     With loves fyve and fisshes two to feede;
     God sente his foyson at hir grete neede.
     
     She dryveth forth into oure occian
     Thurghout oure wilde see, til atte laste
     Under an hoold that nempnen I ne kan,
     Fer in Northhumberlond, the wawe hir caste,
     And in the sond hir ship stiked so faste
     That thennes wolde it noght of al a tyde,
     The wyl of Crist was that she sholde abyde.
     
     The constable of the castel doun is fare
     To seen his wrak, and al the ship he soghte,
     And foond this wery womman ful of care,
     He foond also the tresor that she broghte,
     In hir langage mercy she bisoghte,
     The lyf out of hire body for to twynne,
     Hir to delivere of wo that she was inne.
     
     A maner Latyn corrupt was hir speche,
     But algates ther-by was she understonde.
     The constable, whan hym lyst no lenger seche,
     This woful womman broghte he to the londe.
     She kneleth doun and thanketh Goddes sonde;
     But what she was, she wolde no man seye,
     For foul ne fair, thogh that she sholde deye.
     
     She seyde, she was so mazed in the see
     That she forgat hir mynde, by hir trouthe.
     The constable hath of hir so greet pitee,
     And eke his wyf, that they wepen for routhe.
     She was so diligent withouten slouthe
     To serve and plesen everich in that place,
     That alle hir loven that looken on hir face.
     
     This constable and dame Hermengyld his wyf
     Were payens, and that contree every-where;
     But Hermengyld loved hir right as hir lyf,
     And Custance hath so longe sojourned there
     In orisons with many a bitter teere,
     Til Jesu hath converted thurgh his grace
     Dame Hermengyld, constablesse of that place.
     
     In al that lond no cristen dorste route,
     Alle cristen folk been fled fro that contree
     Thurgh payens that conquereden al aboute
     The plages of the North by land and see.
     To Walys fledde the Cristyanytee
     Of olde Britons, dwellynge in this Ile;
     Ther was hir refut for the meene-while.
     
     But yet nere cristene Britons so exiled
     That ther nere somme that in hir privetee
     Honoured Crist, and hethen folk bigiled,
     And ny the castel swiche ther dwelten three;
     That oon of hem was blynd, and myghte nat see,
     But it were with thilke eyen of his mynde,
     With whiche men seen, after that they ben blynde.
     
        Bright was the sonne as in that someres day,
     For which the constable and his wyf also
     And Custance han ytake the righte way
     Toward the see, a furlong wey or two,
     To pleyen, and to romen, to and fro,
     And in hir walk this blynde man they mette,
     Croked and oold, with eyen faste yshette.
     
     "In name of Crist," cride this olde Britoun,
     "Dame Hermengyld, yif me my sighte agayn."
     This lady weex affrayed of the soun,
     Lest that hir housbonde, shortly for to sayn,
     Wolde hir for Jesu Cristes love han slayn,
     Til Custance made hir boold, and bad hir wirche
     The wyl of Crist, as doghter of his chirche.
     
     The constable weex abasshed of that sight,
     And seyde, "What amounteth all this fare!"
     Custance answerde, "Sire, it is Cristes myght,
     That helpeth folk out of the feendes snare."
     And so ferforth she gan oure lay declare,
     That she the constable, er that it were eve,
     Converteth, and on Crist maketh hym bileve.
     
     This constable was no-thyng lord of this place
     Of which I speke, ther he Custance fond;
     But kepte it strongly many wyntres space
     Under Alla, kyng of al Northhumbrelond,
     That was ful wys and worthy of his hond
     Agayn the Scottes, as men may wel heere;-
     But turne I wole agayn to my mateere.
     
     Sathan, that ever us waiteth to bigile,
     Saugh of Custance al hir perfeccioun
     And caste anon how he myghte quite hir while;
     And made a yong knyght, that dwelte in that toun,
     Love hir so hoote of foul affeccioun
     That verraily hym thoughte he sholde spille,
     But he of hir myghte ones have his wille.
     
     He woweth hir, but it availleth noght,
     She wolde do no synne, by no were;
     And for despit he compassed in his thoght
     To maken hir on shameful deeth to deye.
     He wayteth whan the constable was aweye
     And pryvely upon a nyght he crepte
     In Hermengyldes chambre whil she slepte.
     
     Wery, for-waked in hir orisouns,
     Slepeth Custance, and Hermengyld also.
     This knyght, thurgh Sathanas temptaciouns,
     All softely is to the bed ygo,
     And kitte the throte of Hermengyld atwo,
     And leyde the blody knyf by dame Custance,
     And wente his wey, ther God yeve hym meschance!
     
     Soone after cometh this constable hoom agayn,
     And eek Alla, that kyng was of that lond,
     And saugh his wyf despitously yslayn,
     For which ful ofte he weep and wroong his hond,
     And in the bed the blody knyf he fond
     By Dame Custance; allas, what myghte she seye?
     For verray wo hir wit was al aweye!
     
     To kyng Alla was toold al this meschance,
     And eek the tyme, and where, and in what wise
     That in a ship was founden dame Custance,
     As heer-biforn that ye han herd devyse.
     The kynges herte of pitee gan agryse,
     Whan he saugh so benigne a creature
     Falle in disese and in mysaventure.
     
     For as the lomb toward his deeth is broght,
     So stant this innocent bifore the kyng.
     This false knyght, that hath this tresoun wroght,
     Berth hir on hond that she hath doon thys thyng,
     But nathelees, ther was greet moornyng
     Among the peple, and seyn, they kan nat gesse
     That she had doon so greet a wikkednesse;
     
     For they han seyn hir evere so vertuous,
     And lovyng Hermengyld right as hir lyf:
     Of this baar witnesse everich in that hous
     
     Save he that Hermengyld slow with his knyf.
     This gentil kyng hath caught a greet motyf
     Of this witnesse, and thoghte he wolde enquere
     Depper in this, a trouthe for to lere.
     
     Allas, Custance, thou hast no champioun!
     Ne fighte kanstow noght, so weylaway!
     But he, that starf for our redempcioun,
     And boond Sathan-and yet lith ther he lay-
     So be thy stronge champion this day!
     For but if Crist open myracle kithe,
     Withouten gilt thou shalt be slayn as swithe.
     
     She sette hir doun on knees, and thus she sayde,
     "Immortal God, that savedest Susanne
     Fro false blame, and thou, merciful Mayde,
     Marie I meene, doghter to Seynte Anne,
     Bifore whos child angeles synge Osanne,
     If I be giltlees of this felonye,
     My socour be, for ellis shal I dye."
     
        Have ye nat seyn som tyme a pale face
     Among a prees, of hym that hath be lad
     Toward his deeth, wher as hym gat no grace,
     And swich a colour in his face hath had,
     Men myghte knowe his face, that was bistad,
     Amonges alle the faces in that route?
     So stant Custance, and looketh hir aboute.
     
     O queenes, lyvynge in prosperitee,
     Duchesses, and ladyes everichone,
     Haveth som routhe on hir adversitee;
     An emperoures doghter stant allone,
     She hath no wight to whom to make hir mone.
     O blood roial, that stondest in this drede,
     Fer been thy freendes at thy grete nede!
     
        This Alla kyng hath swich compassioun,
     As gentil herte is fulfild of pitee,
     That from hise eyen ran the water doun.
     "Now hastily do fecche a book," quod he,
     "And if this knyght wol sweren how that she
     This womman slow, yet wol we us avyse,
     Whom that we wole, that shal been oure justise."
     

     A Britoun book, written with Evaungiles,
     Was fet, and on this book he swoor anoon
     She gilty was, and in the meene-whiles
     An hand hym smoot upon the nekke-boon,
     That doun he fil atones, as a stoon;
     And bothe hise eyen broste out of his face,
     In sighte of every body in that place.
     
     A voys was herd in general audience,
     And seyde, "Thou hast desclaundred giltelees
     The doghter of hooly chirche in heigh presence,
     Thus hastou doon, and yet holde I my pees."
     Of this mervaille agast was al the prees,
     As mazed folk they stoden everichone
     For drede of wreche, save Custance allone.
     
     Greet was the drede and eek the repentance
     Of hem that hadden wronge suspecioun
     Upon this sely innocent, Custance;
     And for this miracle, in conclusioun,
     And by Custances mediacioun,
     The kyng, and many another in that place,
     Converted was, thanked be Cristes grace.
     
     This false knyght was slayn for his untrouthe,
     By juggement of Alla hastifly-
     And yet Custance hadde of his deeth greet routhe-
     And after this Jesus, of His mercy,
     Made Alla wedden ful solempnely
     This hooly mayden, that is so bright and sheene,
     And thus hath Crist ymaad Custance a queene.
     
     But who was woful, if I shal nat lye,
     Of this weddyng but Donegild, and namo,
     The kynges mooder, ful of tirannye?
     Hir thoughte hir cursed herte brast atwo,
     She wolde noght hir sone had do so,
     Hir thoughte a despit, that he sholde take
     So strange a creature unto his make.
     
     Me list nat of the chaf nor of the stree
     Maken so long a tale, as of the corn;
     What sholde I tellen of the roialtee
     At mariages, or which cours goth biforn,
     Who bloweth in the trumpe, or in an horn?
     The fruyt of every tale is for to seye;
     They ete, and drynke, and daunce, and synge, and pleye.
     
     They goon to bedde, as it was skile and right,
     For thogh that wyves be ful hooly thynges,
     They moste take in pacience at nyght
     Swiche manere necessaries as been plesynges
     To folk that han ywedded hem with rynges,
     And leye a lite hir hoolynesse aside
     As for the tyme, it may no bet bitide.
     
     On hir he gat a knave childe anon,
     And to a bisshop and his constable eke
     He took his wyf to kepe, whan he is gon
     To Scotlondward, his foomen for to seke.
     Now faire Custance, that is so humble and meke,
     So longe is goon with childe, til that stille
     She halt hire chambre, abidyng Cristes wille.
     
     The tyme is come; a knave child she beer,
     Mauricius at the fontstoon they hym calle.
     This constable dooth forth come a messageer,
     And wroot unto his kyng, that cleped was Alle,
     How that this blisful tidyng is bifalle,
     And othere tidynges spedeful for to seye;
     He taketh the lettre, and forth he gooth his weye.
     
     This messager, to doon his avantage,
     Unto the kynges mooder rideth swithe,
     And salueth hir ful faire in his langage,
     "Madame," quod he, "ye may be glad and blithe,
     And thanketh God an hundred thousand sithe.
     My lady queene hath child, withouten doute,
     To joye and blisse to al this regne aboute.
     
     Lo, heere the lettres seled of this thyng,
     That I moot bere with al the haste I may.
     If ye wol aught unto youre sone, the kyng,
     I am youre servant both nyght and day."
     Donegild answerde, "as now at this tyme, nay,
     But heere al nyght I wol thou take thy reste,
     Tomorwe wol I seye thee what me leste."
     
     This messager drank sadly ale and wyn,
     And stolen wer hise lettres prively
     Out of his box, whil he sleep as a swyn;
     And countrefeted was ful subtilly
     Another lettre wroght ful synfully,
     Unto the kyng direct of this mateere
     Fro his constable, as ye shal after heere.
     
     The lettre spak, the queene delivered was
     Of so horrible a feendly creature
     That in the castel noon so hardy was
     That any while dorste ther endure;
     The mooder was an elf, by aventure,
     Yeomen by charmes or by sorcerie,
     And every wight hateth hir compaignye.
     
     Wo was this kyng whan he this lettre had sayn,
     But to no wight he tolde his sorwes soore,
     But of his owene hand he wroot agayn:
     "Welcome the sonde of Crist for everemoore
     To me, that am now lerned in his loore.
     Lord, welcome be thy lust and thy plesaunce,
     My lust I putte al in thyn ordinaunce.
     
     Kepeth this child, al be it foul or feire,
     And eek my wyf, unto myn hoom-comynge;
     Crist, whan hym list, may sende me an heir
     Moore agreable than this to my likynge."
     This lettre he seleth, pryvely wepynge,
     Which to the messager was take soone
     And forth he gooth, ther is namoore to doone.
     
        O messager, fulfild of dronkenesse,
     Strong is thy breeth, thy lymes faltren ay,
     And thou biwreyest alle secreenesse.
     Thy mynde is lorn, thou janglest as a jay,
     Thy face is turned in a newe array;
     Ther dronkenesse regneth in any route,
     Ther is no conseil hyd, withouten doute.
     
     O Donegild, I ne have noon Englissh digne
     Unto thy malice and thy tirannye;
     And therfore to the feend I thee resigne,
     Lat hym enditen of thy traitorie!
     Fy, mannysh, fy?  O nay, by God, I lye!
     Fy, feendlych spirit! for I dar wel telle,
     Thogh thou heere walke, thy spirit is in helle.
     
     This messager comth fro the kyng agayn,
     And at the kynges moodres court he lighte
     And she was of this messager ful fayn,
     And plesed hym in al that ever she myghte.
     He drank, and wel his girdel underpighte.
     He slepeth, and he fnorteth in his gyse
     Al nyght until the sonne gan aryse.
     
     Eft were hise lettres stolen everychon
     And countrefeted lettres in this wyse,
     "The king comandeth his constable anon
     Up peyne of hangyng and on heigh juyse
     That he ne sholde suffren in no wyse
     Custance inwith his reawme for tabyde,
     Thre dayes and o quarter of a tyde.
     
     But in the same ship as he hir fond,
     Hir and hir yonge sone, and al hir geere,
     He sholde putte, and croude hir fro the lond,
     And chargen hir she never eft coome theere."
     O my Custance, wel may thy goost have fere,
     And slepynge in thy dreem been in penance,
     Whan Donegild cast al this ordinance.
     
        This messager, on morwe whan he wook,
     Unto the Castel halt the nexte way,
     And to the constable he the lettre took.
     And whan that he this pitous lettre say,
     Ful ofte he seyde, "Allas and weylaway!"
     "Lord Crist," quod he, "how may this world endure,
     So ful of synne is many a creature?
     
     O myghty God, if that it be thy wille,
     Sith thou art rightful juge, how may it be
     That thou wolt suffren innocentz to spille,
     And wikked folk regnen in prosperitee?
     O goode Custance, allas, so wo is me,
     That I moot be thy tormentour, or deye
     On shames deeth!  Ther is noon oother weye!"
     
        Wepen bothe yonge and olde in al that place,
     Whan that the kyng this cursed lettre sente,
     And Custance, with a deedly pale face,
     The ferthe day toward the ship she wente;
     But nathelees she taketh in good entente
     The wyl of Crist, and knelynge on the stronde,
     She seyde, "Lord, ay welcome be thy sonde!
     
     He that me kepte fro the false blame,
     While I was on the lond amonges yow,
     He kan me kepe from harm and eek fro shame
     In salte see, al thogh I se noght how.
     As strong as evere he was, he is yet now;
     In hym triste I, and in his mooder deere,
     That is to me myu seyl and eek my steere."
     
     Hir litel child lay wepyng in hir arm,
     And knelynge, pitously to hym she seyde,
     "Pees, litel sone, I wol do thee noon harm."
     With that hir coverchief on hir heed she breyde,
     And over hise litel eyen she it leyde,
     And in hir arm she lulleth it ful faste,
     And into hevene hir eyen up she caste.
     
     "Mooder," quod she, "and mayde bright, Marie,
     Sooth is that thurgh wommanes eggement
     Mankynde was lorn and damned ay to dye,
     For which thy child was on a croys yrent;
     Thy blisful eyen sawe al his torment;
     Thanne is ther no comparison bitwene
     Thy wo, and any wo man may sustene.
     
     Thow sawe thy child yslayn bifore thyne eyen,
     And yet now lyveth my litel child, parfay.
     Now, lady bright, to whom alle woful cryen,
     Thow glorie of wommanhede, thow faire may,
     Thow haven of refut, brighte sterre of day,
     Rewe on my child, that of thy gentillesse
     Ruest on every reweful in distresse.
     
     O litel child, allas, what is thy gilt,
     That nevere wroghtest synne as yet, pardee!
     Why wil thyn harde fader han thee spilt?
     O mercy, deere Constable," quod she,
     "As lat my litel child dwelle heer with thee;
     And if thou darst nat saven hym for blame,
     Yet kys hym ones in his fadres name."
     
     Therwith she looketh bakward to the londe,
     And seyde, "Farwel, housbonde routheless!"
     And up she rist, and walketh doun the stronde,
     Toward the ship.  Hir folweth al the prees,
     And evere she preyeth hir child to holde his pees,
     And taketh hir leve, and with an hooly entente
     She blisseth hir, and into ship she wente.
     
     Vitailled was the ship, it is no drede,
     Habundantly for hir ful longe space;
     And othere necessaries that sholde nede
     She hadde ynogh, heried be Goddes grace;
     For wynd and weder almyghty God purchace,
     And brynge hir hoom, I kan no bettre seye!
     But in the see she dryveth forth hir weye.
     
        Alla the kyng comth hoom, soone after this,
     Unto his castel of the which I tolde,
     And asketh where his wyf and his child is.
     The constable gan aboute his herte colde,
     And pleynly al the manere he hym tolde,
     As ye han herd, I kan telle it no bettre;
     And sheweth the kyng his seel and eek his lettre,
     
     And seyde, "Lord, as ye comanded me,
     Up peyne of deeth, so have I doon, certein."
     This messager tormented was, til he
     Moste biknowe, and tellen plat and pleyn
     Fro nyght to nyght in what place he had leyn,
     And thus by wit and sotil enquerynge
     Ymagined was, by whom this harm gan sprynge.
     
     The hand was knowe that the lettre wroot,
     And al the venym of this cursed dede,
     But in what wise certeinly I noot.
     Theffect is this, that Alla, out of drede,
     His mooder slow, that may men pleynly rede,
     For that she traitoure was to hir ligeance,
     Thus endeth olde Donegild, with meschance!
     

        The sorwe that this Alla, nyght and day,
     Maketh for his wyf, and for his child also,
     Ther is no tonge that it telle may-
     But now wol I unto Custance go,
     That fleteth in the see in peyne and wo,
     Fyve yeer and moore, as liked Cristes sonde,
     Er that hir ship approched unto londe.
     
     Under an hethen castel, atte laste,
     Of which the name in my text toght I fynde,
     Custance and eek hir child the see upcaste.
     Almyghty god that saved al mankynde,
     Have on Custance and on hir child som mynde,
     That fallen is in hethen hand eft-soone,
     In point to spille, as I shal telle yow soone.
     
     Doun fro the castel comth ther many a wight
     To gauren on this ship and on Custance,
     But shortly from the castel on a nyght
     The lordes styward, God yeve hym meschance!-
     A theef that hadde reneyed oure creance,
     Cam into the ship allone, and seyde he sholde
     Hir lemman be, wherso she wolde or nolde.
     
     Wo was this wrecched womman tho bigon!
     Hir child cride, and she cride pitously,
     But blisful Marie heelp hir right anon,
     For with hir struglyng wel and myghtily,
     The theef fil over bord al sodeynly,
     And in the see he dreynte for vengeance,
     And thus hath Crist unwemmed kept Custance.
     
        O foule lust of luxurie, lo, thyn ende!
     Nat oonly that thou feyntest mannes mynde,
     But verraily thou wolt his body shende.
     Thende of thy werk or of thy lustes blynde
     Is compleynyng; hou many oon may men fynde,
     That noght for werk somtyme, but for thentente
     To doon this synne, been outher slayn or shente!
     
     How may this wayke womman han this strengthe
     Hir to defende agayn this renegat?
     O Golias, unmesurable of lengthe,
     Hou myghte David make thee so maat,
     So yong, and of armure so desolaat?
     Hou dorste he looke upon thy dredful face?
     Wel may men seen, it nas but Goddes grace!
     
     Who yaf Judith corage or hardynesse
     To sleen hym, Olofernus, in his tente,
     And to deliveren out of wrecchednesse
     The peple of God?  I seyde, for this entente
     That right as God spirit of vigour sente
     To hem, and saved hem out of meschance,
     So sente he myght and vigour to Custance.
     
     Forth gooth hir ship thurghout the narwe mouth
     Of Jubaltar and Septe, dryvynge alway,
     Somtyme west, and somtyme north and south,
     And somtyme est, ful many a wery day;
     Til Cristes mooder-blessed be she ay!-
     Hath shapen, thurgh hir endelees goodnesse,
     To make an ende of al hir hevynesse.
     
        Now lat us stynte of Custance but a throwe,
     And speke we of the Romayn Emperour,
     That out of Surrye hath by lettres knowe
     The slaughtre of cristen folk, and dishonour
     Doon to his doghter by a fals traytour,
     I mene the cursed wikked Sowdanesse,
     That at the feeste leet sleen both moore and lesse;
     
     For which this emperour hath sent anon
     His senatour with roial ordinance,
     And othere lordes, God woot many oon,
     On Surryens to taken heigh vengeance.
     They brennen, sleen, and brynge hem to meschance
     Ful many a day, but shortly, this is thende,
     Hoomward to Rome they shapen hem to wende.
     
     This senatour repaireth with victorie
     To Romeward saillynge ful roially,
     And mette the ship dryvynge, as seith the storie,
     In which Custance sit ful pitously.
     No thyng ne knew he what she was, ne why
     She was in swich array, ne she nyl seye
     Of hir estat, thogh that she sholde deye.
     
     He bryngeth hir to Rome, and to his wyf
     He yaf hir, and hir yonge sone also,
     And with the senatour she ladde hir lyf.
     Thus kan oure Lady bryngen out of wo
     Woful Custance, and many another mo.
     And longe tyme dwelled she in that place,
     In hooly werkes evere, as was hir grace.
     
     The senatoures wyf hir aunte was,
     But for all that she knew hir never the moore-
     I wol no lenger tarien in this cas,
     But to kyng Alla, which I spake of yoore,
     That wepeth for his wyf and siketh soore,
     I wol retourne, and lete I wol Custance
     Under the senatoures governance.
     
        Kyng Alla, which that hadde his mooder slayn,
     Upon a day fil in swich repentance
     That, if I shortly tellen shal and playn,
     To Rome he comth, to receyven his penance,
     And putte hym in the popes ordinance
     In heigh and logh, and Jesu Crist bisoghte
     Foryeve hise wikked werkes that he wroghte.
     
     The fame anon thurgh Rome toun is born
     How Alla kyng shal comen on pilgrymage,
     By herbergeours that wenten hym biforn,
     For which the Senatour, as was usage,
     Rood hym agayns, and many of his lynage,
     As wel to shewen his heighe magnificence
     As to doon any kyng a reverence.
     
     Greet cheere dooth this noble Senatour
     To kyng Alla, and he to hym also,
     Everich of hem dooth oother greet honour;
     And so bifel, that inwith a day or two
     This senatour is to kyng Alla go
     To feste; and shortly, if I shal nat lye,
     Custances sone wente in his compaignye.
     
     Som men wolde seyn, at requeste of Custance
     This senatour hath lad this child to feeste;
     I may nat tellen every circumstance,
     Be as be may, ther was he at the leeste,
     But sooth is this, that at his moodres heeste
     Biforn Alla durynge the metes space,
     The child stood lookynge in the kynges face.
     
     This Alla kyng hath of this child greet wonder,
     And to the senatour he seyde anon,
     "Whos is that faire child, that stondeth yonder?"
     "I noot," quod he, "by God and by Seint John!
     A mooder he hath, but fader hath he noon,
     That I of woot."  But shortly, in a stounde,
     He tolde Alla how that this child was founde.
     
     "But God woot," quod this senatour also,
     "So vertuous a lyver in my lyf
     Ne saugh I nevere as she, ne herde of mo
     Of worldly wommen, mayde, ne of wyf;
     I dar wel seyn, hir hadde levere a knyf
     Thurghout hir brest, than ben a womman wikke,
     There is no man koude brynge hir to that prikke."
     
     Now was this child as lyke unto Custance,
     As possible is a creature to be.
     This Alla hath the face in remembrance
     Of dame Custance, and theron mused he,
     If that the childes mooder were aught she
     That is his wyf; and prively he sighte
     And spedde hym fro the table that he myghte.
     
     "Parfay," thoghte he, "fantome is in myn heed.
     I oghte deme, of skilful juggement, 
     That in the salte see my wyf is deed."
     And afterward he made his argument:
     "What woot I, if that Crist have hyder ysent
     My wyf by see, as wel as he hir sente
     To my contree fro thennes that she wente?"
     
     And, after noon, hoom with the senatour
     Goth Alla, for to seen this wonder chaunce.
     This senatour dooth Alla greet honour,
     And hastifly he sente after Custance.
     But trusteth weel, hir liste nat to daunce
     Whan that she wiste wherfore was that sonde;
     Unnethe upon hir feet she myghte stonde.
     
     Whan Alla saugh his wyf, faire he hir grette,
     And weep, that it was routhe for to see.
     For at the firste look he on hir sette,
     He knew wel verraily that it was she.
     And she for sorwe as doumb stant as a tree,
     So was hir herte shet in hir distresse,
     Whan she remembred his unkyndenesse.
     
     Twyes she swowned in his owene sighte.
     He weep, and hym excuseth pitously.
     "Now God," quod he, "and alle hise halwes brighte
     So wisly on my soule as have mercy,
     That of youre harm as giltelees am I
     As is Maurice my sone, so lyk youre face;
     Elles the feend me fecche out of this place!"
     
     Long was the sobbyng and the bitter peyne
     Er that hir woful hertes myghte cesse,
     Greet was the pitee for to heere hem pleyne,
     Thurgh whiche pleintes gan hir wo encresse.
     I pray yow alle my labour to relesse;
     I may nat telle hir wo until tomorwe,
     I am so wery for to speke of sorwe.
     
     But finally, whan that the sothe is wist,
     That Alla giltelees was of hir wo,
     I trowe an hundred tymes been they kist,
     And swich a blisse is ther bitwix hem two,
     That save the joye that lasteth everemo
     Ther is noon lyk that any creature
     Hath seyn, or shal, whil that the world may dure.
     
     Tho preyde she hir housbonde mekely,
     In relief of hir longe pitous pyne,
     That he wolde preye hir fader specially
     That, of his magestee, he wolde enclyne
     To vouchesauf som day with hym to dyne.
     She preyde hym eek, he wolde by no weye
     Unto hir fader no word of hir seye.
     
     Som men wolde seyn, how that the child Maurice
     Dooth this message unto this emperour,
     But, as I gesse, Alla was nat so nyce
     To hym that was of so sovereyn honour,
     As he that is of cristen folk the flour,
     Sente any child, but it is bet to deeme
     He wente hymself, and so it may wel seeme.
     
     This emperour hath graunted gentilly
     To come to dyner, as he hym bisoughte,
     And wel rede I he looked bisily
     Upon this child, and on his doghter thoghte.
     Alla goth to his in, and as him oghte
     Arrayed for this feste in every wise
     As ferforth as his konnyng may suffise.
     
     The morwe cam, and Alla gan hym dresse
     And eek his wyf, this emperour to meete,
     And forth they ryde in joye and in galdnesse,
     And whan she saugh hir fader in the strete,
     She lighte doun and falleth hym to feete.
     "Fader," quod she, "youre yonge child Custance
     Is now ful clene out of youre remembrance.
     
     I am youre doghter Custance," quod she,
     "That whilom ye han sent unto Surrye.
     It am I, fader, that in the salte see
     Was put allone, and dampned for to dye.
     Now goode fader, mercy I yow crye,
     Sende me namoore unto noon hethenesse,
     But thonketh my lord heere of his kyndenesse."
     
     Who kan the pitous joye tellen al
     Bitwix hem thre, syn they been thus ymette?
     But of my tale make an ende I shal,
     The day goth faste, I wol no lenger lette.
     This glade folk to dyner they hem sette,
     In joye and blisse at mete I lete hem dwelle,
     A thousand foold wel moore than I kan telle.
     
     This child Maurice was sithen emperour
     Maad by the pope, and lyved cristenly.
     To Cristes chirche he dide greet honour;
     But I lete all his storie passen by-
     Of Custance is my tale specially-
     In the olde Romayn geestes may men fynde
     Maurices lyf, I bere it noght in mynde.
     

     This kyng Alla, whan he his tyme say,
     With his Custance, his hooly wyf so sweete,
     To Engelond been they come the righte way,
     Wher as they lyve in joye and in quiete.
     But litel while it lasteth, I yow heete,
     Joye of this world, for tyme wol nat abyde,
     Fro day to nyght it changeth as the tyde.
     
     Who lyved evere in swich delit o day
     That hym ne moeved outher conscience
     Or ire, or talent, or som-kyn affray,
     Envye, or pride, or passion, or offence?
     I ne seye but for this ende this sentence,
     That litel while in joye or in plesance
     Lasteth the blisse of Alla with Custance.
     
     For deeth, that taketh of heigh and logh his rente,
     Whan passed was a yeer, evene as I gesse,
     Out of this world this kyng Alla he hente,
     For whom Custance hath ful greet hevynesse.
     Now lat us praye God his soule blesse,
     And dame Custance, finally to seye,
     Toward the toun of Rome goth hir weye.
     
     To Rome is come this hooly creature,
     And fyndeth ther hir freendes hoole and sounde.
     Now is she scaped al hire aventure,
     And whan that she hir fader hath yfounde,
     Doun on hir knees falleth she to grounde,
     Wepynge for tendrenesse, in herte blithe,
     She heryeth God an hundred thousande sithe.
     
     In vertu and in hooly almus-dede
     They lyven alle, and never asonder wende
     Til deeth departed hem; this lyf they lede;-
     And fareth now weel, my tale is at an ende.
     Now Jesu Crist, that of his myght may sende
     Joye after wo, governe us in his grace,
     And kepe us alle that been in this place.  Amen.
     
     Heere endeth the tale of the Man of Lawe.
     
     
     Part 8
     
     PROLOGUE TO THE SHIPMANNES TALE
     
     Here endith the man of lawe his tale.  And next folwith
     the Shipman his prolog.
     
        Oure Ost upon his stiropes stood anoon,
     And seide, "Good men, herkeneth everychoon;
     This was a thrifty tale for the nonys.
     
     Sir parisshe preste," quod he, "for Godis bonys,
     Telle us a tale, as was thi forward yore;
     I se wel, that ye lernede men in lore
     Can meche good, bi Godis dignite."
     The parson him answerde, "Benedicite,
     
     What eyleth the man so synfully to swere?"
     Oure Ost answerde, "O Jankyn, be ye there?
     I smelle a Lollere in the wynde," quod he,
     "Howe, goodmen," quod oure Hoste, "herkeneth me,
     Abyde for Godis digne passioun,
     
     For we shul han a predicacioun,
     This Lollere here wol prechen us somwhat."
     "Nay, bi Godis soule, that shal he nat,"
     Seyde the Shipman, "here shal he not preche,
     He shal no gospel glosen here, ne teche.
     
     We leven alle in the grete God," quod he,
     "He wolde sowen som difficulte
     Or sprengen cokkel in oure clene corn.
     And therfore, Ost, I warne the biforn,
     My joly body shal a tale telle
     
     And I shal clynkyn yow so mery a belle
     That I shal wakyn al this companye;
     But it shal not ben of Philosophie,
     Ne phislyas, ne termes queynte of lawe;
     Ther nis but litil Latyn in my mawe."
     
     Here endith the Shipman his prolog.  And next folwyng 
     he bigynneth his tale.
     
     THE TALE.
     
        (Daun John, a monk of Paris, beguiles the wife of a 
     merchant of St. Denis by money borrowed from her husband.
     She saves herself, on the point of discovery, by a ready
     answer.)
     
     END-LINK
     
        Bihoold the murie wordes of the Hoost to the Shipman
     and to the lady Prioresse.
     
        "Wel seyd, by corpus dominus," quod our Hoost,
     "Now longe moote thou saille by the cost,
     Sir gentil maister, gentil maryneer.
     God yeve this monk a thousand last quade yeer!
     A ha! felawes, beth ware of swich a jape.
     
     The monk putte in the mannes hood an ape,
     And in his wyves eek, by Seint Austyn;
     Draweth no monkes moore unto your in.
     But now passe over, and lat us seke aboute
     Who shal now telle first of al this route
     
     Another tale?" and with that word he sayde,
     As curteisly as it had ben a mayde,
     "My lady Prioresse, by youre leve,
     So that I wiste I sholde yow nat greve,
     I wolde demen that ye tellen sholde
     
     A tale next, if so were that ye wolde.
     Now wol ye vouchesauf, my lady deere?"
     "Gladly," quod she, and seyde as ye shal heere.
     Part 9
     
     THE PRIORESSES TALE
     
     The prologe of the Prioresses tale.
     
     Domine dominus noster.
     
        O lord oure lord, thy name how merveillous
     Is in this large world ysprad-quod she-
     For noght oonly thy laude precious
     Parfourned is by men of dignitee,
     But by the mouth of children thy bountee
     Parfourned is, for on the brest soukynge
     Somtyme shewen they thyn heriynge.
     
     Wherfore in laude, as I best kan or may,
     Of thee, and of the whyte lylye flour
     Which that the bar, and is a mayde alway,
     To telle a storie I wol do my labour;
     Nat that I may encreessen hir honour,
     For she hirself is honour, and the roote
     Of bountee, next hir sone, and soules boote.
     
     O mooder mayde!  O mayde mooder fre!
     O bussh unbrent, brennynge in Moyses sighte,
     That ravysedest doun fro the deitee
     Thurgh thyn humblesse, the goost that in thalighte,
     Of whos vertu, whan he thyn herte lighte,
     Conceyved was the Fadres sapience,
     Help me to telle it in thy reverence.
     
     Lady, thy bountee, thy magnificence,
     Thy vertu, and thy grete humylitee,
     Ther may no tonge expresse in no science,
     For somtyme, lady, er men praye to thee,
     Thou goost biforn of thy benyngnytee
     And getest us the lyght, thurgh thy preyere,
     To gyden us unto thy sone so deere.
     
     My konnyng is so wayk, O blisful queene,
     For to declare thy grete worthynesse,
     That I ne may the weighte nat susteene,
     But as a child of twelf monthe oold, or lesse,
     That kan unnethes any word expresse,
     Right so fare I; and therfore I yow preye,
     Gydeth my song that I shal of yow seye.
     
     Heere begynneth the Prioresses Tale.
     
        Ther was in Asye, in a greet citee,
     Amonges cristene folk a Jewerye,
     Sustened by a lord of that contree
     For foule usure and lucre of vileynye,
     Hateful to Crist and to his compaignye,
     And thurgh this strete men myghte ride or wende,
     For it was free and open at eyther ende.
     
     A litel scole of cristen folk ther stood
     Doun at the ferther ende, in which ther were 
     Children an heep, ycomen of cristen blood,
     That lerned in that scole yeer by yeer
     Swich manere doctrine as men used there,
     This is to seyn, to syngen and to rede,
     As smale children doon in hir childhede.
     
     Among thise children was a wydwes sone,
     A litel clergeoun, seven yeer of age,
     That day by day to scole was his wone,
     And eek also, wher as he saugh thymage
     Of Cristes mooder, he hadde in usage
     As hym was taught, to knele adoun, and seye
     His Ave Marie, as he goth by the weye.
     
     Thus hath this wydwe hir litel sone ytaught
     Oure blisful lady, Cristes mooder deere,
     To worshipe ay; and he forgate it naught,
     For sely child wol alday soone leere.
     But ay, whan I remembre on this mateere,
     Seint Nicholas stant evere in my presence,
     For he so yong to Crist dide reverence.
     
     This litel child, his litel book lernynge,
     As he sat in the scole at his prymer,
     He "Alma redemptoris" herde synge
     As children lerned hir anthiphoner;
     And as he dorste, he drough hym ner and ner,
     And herkned ay the wordes and the noote,
     Til he the firste vers koude al by rote.
     
     Noght wiste he what this Latyn was to seye,
     For he so yong and tendre was of age,
     But on a day his felawe gan he preye
     Texpounden hym this song in his langage,
     Or telle hym why this song was in usage;
     This preyde he hym to construe and declare
     Ful often tyme upon hise knowes bare.
     
     His felawe, which that elder was than he,
     Answerde hym thus, "This song, I have herd seye,
     Was maked of oure blisful Lady free,
     Hir to salue, and eek hir for to preye
     To been our help, and socour whan we deye.
     I kan namoore expounde in this mateere,
     I lerne song, I kan but smal grammere."
     
     "And is this song maked in reverence
     Of Cristes mooder?" seyde this innocent.
     "Now, certes, I wol do my diligence
     To konne it al, er Cristemasse is went;
     Though that I for my prymer shal be shent
     And shal be beten thries in an houre,
     I wol it konne, oure lady for to honoure."
     
     His felawe taughte hym homward prively
     Fro day to day, til he koude it by rote;
     And thanne he song it wel and boldely
     Fro word to word acordynge with the note.
     Twies a day it passed thurgh his throte,
     To scoleward, and homward whan he wente;
     On Cristes mooder set was his entente.
     
     As I have seyd, thurghout the Jewerie
     This litel child, as he cam to and fro,
     Ful murily than wolde he synge and crie
     "O Alma redemptoris" evere-mo.
     The swetnesse hath his herte perced so
     Of Cristes mooder, that to hir to preye
     He kan nat stynte of syngyng by the weye.
     
        Oure firste foo, the serpent Sathanas,
     That hath in Jewes herte his waspes nest,
     Up swal, and seyde, "O Hebrayk peple, allas,
     Is this to yow a thyng that is honest,
     That swich a boy shal walken as hym lest
     In youre despit, and synge of swich sentence,
     Which is agayn oure lawes reverence?"
     
     Fro thennes forth the Jewes han conspired
     This innocent out of this world to chace.
     An homycide therto han they hyred
     That in an aleye hadde a privee place;
     And as the child gan forby for to pace,
     This cursed Jew hym hente and heeld hym faste,
     And kitte his throte, and in a pit hym caste.
     
     I seye that in a wardrobe they hym threwe,
     Where as this Jewes purgen hire entraille.
     O cursed folk of Herodes al newe,
     What may youre yvel entente yow availle?
     Mordre wol out, certeyn, it wol nat faille,
     And namely ther thonour of God shal sprede,
     The blood out crieth on youre cursed dede.
     
     O matir, sowded to virginitee,
     Now maystow syngen, folwynge evere in oon
     The white lamb celestial-quod she-
     Of which the grete Evaungelsit Seint John
     In Pathmos wroot, which seith that they that goon
     Biforn this lamb and synge a song al newe,
     
     That never, fleshly, wommen they ne knewe.
     
        This povre wydwe awaiteth al that nyght
     After hir litel child, but he cam noght;
     For which, as soone as it was dayes light,
     With face pale of drede and bisy thoght,
     She hath at scole and elles-where hym soght,
     Til finally she gan so fer espie,
     That he last seyn was in the Jewerie.
     
     With moodres pitee in hir brest enclosed,
     She gooth, as she were half out of hir mynde,
     To every place where she hath supposed
     By liklihede hir litel child to finde,
     And evere on Cristes mooder, meeke and kynde
     She cride, and atte laste thus she wroghte,
     Among the cursed Jewes she hym soghte.
     
     She frayneth, and she preyeth pitously
     To every Jew that dwelte in thilke place,
     To telle hir if hir child wente oght forby.
     They seyde nay; but Jesu, of his grace,
     Yaf in hir thoght, inwith a litel space,
     That in that place after hir sone she cryde,
     Wher he was casten in a pit bisyde.
     
        O grete God, that parfournest thy laude
     By mouth of innocentz, lo, heer thy myght!
     This gemme of chastite, this emeraude,
     And eek of martirdom the ruby bright,
     Ther he with throte ykorven lay upright,
     He "Alma redemptoris" gan to synge
     So loude, that al the place gan to rynge.
     
        The cristene folk that thurgh the strete wente
     In coomen, for to wondre upon this thyng,
     And hastily they for the Provost sente.
     He cam anon withouten tariyng,
     And herieth Crist that is of hevene kyng,
     And eek his mooder, honour of mankynde;
     And after that, the Jewes leet he bynde.
     
        This child, with pitous lamentacioun,
     Uptaken was, syngynge his song alway,
     And with honour of greet processioun
     They carien hym unto the nexte abbay;
     His mooder swownynge by his beere lay,
     Unnethe myghte the peple that was theere
     This newe Rachel brynge fro his beere.
     
     With torment and with shameful deeth echon
     This Provost dooth the Jewes for to sterve,
     That of this mordre wiste, and that anon.
     He nolde no swich cursednesse observe;
     Yvele shal have that yvele wol deserve.
     Therfore with wilde hors he dide hem drawe,
     And after that he heng hem, by the lawe.
     
     Upon his beere ay lith this innocent
     Biforn the chief auter, whil masse laste,
     And after that, the abbot with his covent
     Han sped hem for to burien hym ful faste,
     And whan they hooly water on hym caste,
     Yet spak this child, whan spreynd was hooly water,
     And song "O Alma redemptoris mater."
     
     This abbot, which that was an hooly man,
     As monkes been-or elles oghte be-
     This yonge child, "and, as by wey of kynde,
     I sholde have dyed, ye, longe tyme agon,
     But Jesu Crist, as ye in bookes fynde,
     Wil that his glorie laste and be in mynde,
     And for the worship of his mooder deere,
     Yet may I synge "O Alma" loude and cleere.
     
     This welle of mercy, Cristes mooder swete,
     I loved alwey as after my konnynge;
     And whan that I my lyf sholde forlete,
     To me she cam, and bad me for to synge
     This antheme, verraily, in my deyynge,
     As ye han herd, and whan that I hadde songe,
     Me thoughte she leyde a greyn upon my tonge.
     
     Wherfore I synge, and synge I moot certeyn
     In honour of that blisful mayden free,
     Til fro my tonge oftaken is the greyn.
     And afterward thus seyde she to me,
     `My litel child, now wol I fecche thee,
     Whan that the greyn is fro thy tonge ytake;
     Be nat agast, I wol thee nat forsake.'"
     
     This hooly monk, this Abbot, hym meene I,
     His tonge out-caughte, and took awey the greyn,
     And he yaf up the goost ful softely;
     And whan this Abbot hadde this wonder seyn,
     Hise salte teeris trikled doun as reyn,
     And gruf he fil al plat upon the grounde,
     And stille he lay, as he had been ybounde.
     
     The covent eek lay on the pavement,
     Wepynge, and heryen Cristes mooder deere.
     And after that they ryse, and forth been went,
     And tooken awey this martir from his beere,
     And in a temple of marbul stones cleere
     Enclosen they his litel body sweete.
     Ther he is now, God leve us for to meete!
     
     O yonge Hugh of Lyncoln, slayn also
     With cursed Jewes, as it is notable,
     For it nis but a litel while ago,
     Preye eek for us, we synful folk unstable,
     That of his mercy God so merciable
     On us his grete mercy multiplie,
     For reverence of his mooder Marie.  Amen.
     
     Heere is ended the Prioresses Tale.
     Part 10
     
     PROLOGUE TO CHAUCER'S TALE OF SIR THOPAS
     
     Bihoold the murye wordes of the Hoost to Chaucer.
     
        Whan seyd was al this miracle, every man
     As sobre was, that wonder was to se,
     Til that oure Hooste japen tho bigan,
     And thanne at erst he looked upon me,
     And seyde thus, "What man artow," quod he,
     "Thow lookest as thou woldest fynde an hare,
     For ever upon the ground I se thee stare.
     
     Approche neer, and looke up murily;
     Now war yow, sires, and lat this man have place.
     He in the waast is shape as wel as I;
     This were a popet in an arm tenbrace
     For any womman smal, and fair of face.
     He semeth elvyssh by his contenaunce,
     For unto no wight dooth he daliaunce.
     
     Sey now somwhat, syn oother folk han sayd,
     Telle us a tale of myrthe, and that anon."
     "Hooste," quod I, "ne beth nat yvele apayed,
     For oother tale certes kan I noon
     But of a ryme I lerned longe agoon."
     "Ye, that is good," quod he, "now shul we heere
     Som deyntee thyng, me thynketh by his cheere."
     Part 11
     
     SIR THOPAS
     
     Heere bigynneth Chaucers tale of Thopas.
     
     Listeth, lordes, in good entent,
     And I wol telle verrayment
        Of myrthe and of solas,
     Al of a knyght was fair and gent
     In bataille and in tourneyment,
        His name was Sir Thopas.
     
     Yborn he was in fer contree,
     In Flaundres, al biyonde the see,
        At Poperyng in the place;
     His fader was a man ful free,
     And lord he was of that contree,
        As it was Goddes grace.
     
     Sir Thopas wax a doghty swayn,
     Whit was his face as payndemayn,
        Hise lippes rede as rose;
     His rode is lyk scarlet in grayn,
     And I yow telle, in good certayn,
        He hadde a semely nose.
     
     His heer, his berd, was lyk saffroun,
     That to his girdel raughte adoun;
        Hise shoon of Cordewane.
     Of Brugges were his hosen broun,
     His robe was of syklatoun
        That coste many a jane.
     
     He koude hunte at wilde deer,
     And ride an haukyng for river,
        With grey goshauk on honde,
     Therto he was a good archeer,
     Of wrastlyng was ther noon his peer,
        Ther any ram shal stonde.
     
     Ful many a mayde, bright in bour,
     They moorne for hym, paramour,
        Whan hem were bet to slepe;
     But he was chaast and no lechour,
     And sweete as is the brembulflour
        That bereth the rede hepe.
     
     And so bifel upon a day,
     Frosothe as I yow telle may,
        Sir Thopas wolde out ride;
     He worth upon his steede gray,
     And in his hand a launcegay,
        A long swerd by his side.
     
     The priketh thurgh a fair forest,
     Therinne is many a wilde best,
        Ye, both bukke and hare,
     And as he priketh north and est,
     I telle it yow, hym hadde almest
        Bitidde a sory care.
     
     Ther spryngen herbes, grete and smale,
     The lycorys and cetewale, 
        And many a clowe-gylofre,
     And notemuge to putte in ale,
     Wheither it be moyste or stale,
        Or for to leye in cofre.
     
     The briddes synge, it is no nay,
     The sparhauk and the papejay
        That joye it was to heere,
     The thrustelcok made eek hir lay,
     The wodedowve upon a spray
        She sang ful loude and cleere.
     
     Sir Thopas fil in love-longynge,
     Al whan he herde the thrustel synge,
        And pryked as he were wood;
     His faire steede in his prikynge
     So swatte that men myghte him wrynge,
        His sydes were al blood.
     
     Sir Thopas eek so wery was
     For prikyng on the softe gras,
        So fiers was his corage,
     That doun he leyde him in that plas
     To make his steede som solas,
        And yaf hym good forage.
     
     "O seinte Marie, benedicite,
     What eyleth this love at me
        To bynde me so soore?
     Me dremed al this nyght, pardee,
     An elf-queene shal my lemman be,
        And slepe under my goore.
     
     An elf-queene wol I love, ywis,
     For in this world no womman is
        Worthy to be my make
                      In towne;
     Alle othere wommen I forsake,
     And to an elf-queene I me take
        By dale and eek by downe."
     
     Into his sadel he clamb anon,
     And priketh over stile and stoon
        An elf-queene for tespye,
     Til he so longe hadde riden and goon
     That he foond, in a pryve woon,
        The contree of Fairye
                        So wilde;
     For in that contree was ther noon
     That to him dorste ryde or goon,
        Neither wyf ne childe,
     
     Til that ther cam a greet geaunt,
     His name was Sir Olifaunt,
        A perilous man of dede;
     He seyde "Child, by Termagaunt,
     But if thou prike out of myn haunt,
        Anon I sle thy steede
                         With mace.
     Heere is the queene of Fayerye,
     With harpe and pipe and symphonye,
        Dwellyng in this place."
     
     The child seyde, "Also moote I thee,
     Tomorwe wol I meete with thee,
        Whan I have myn armoure.
     And yet I hope, par ma fay,
     That thou shalt with this launcegay
        Abyen it ful sowre.
                        Thy mawe
     Shal I percen if I may
     Er it be fully pryme of day,
        For heere thow shalt be slawe."
     
     Sir Thopas drow abak ful faste,
     This geant at hym stones caste
        Out of a fel staf-slynge;
     But faire escapeth Child Thopas,
     And al it was thurgh Goddes gras,
        And thurgh his fair berynge.
     
     Yet listeth, lordes, to my tale,
     Murier than the nightyngale,
        For now I wol yow rowne
     How Sir Thopas, with sydes smale,
     Prikyng over hill and dale
        Is comen agayn to towne.
     
     His murie men comanded he
     To make hym bothe game and glee,
        For nedes moste he fighte
     With a geaunt with hevedes three,
     For paramour and jolitee
        Of oon that shoon ful brighte.
     
     "Do come,: he seyde, "my mynstrales,
     And geestours, for to tellen tales
        Anon in myn armynge;
     Of romances that been roiales,
     Of Popes and of Cardinales,
        And eek of love-likynge."
     
     They fette hym first the sweete wyn,
     And mede eek in a mazelyn,
        And roial spicerye,
     And gyngebreed that was ful fyn,
     And lycorys, and eek comyn,
        With sugre that is so trye.
     
     He dide next his white leere
     Of clooth of lake, fyn and cleere,
        A breech, and eek a sherte,
     And next his sherte an aketoun,
     And over that an haubergeoun,
        For percynge of his herte.
     
     And over that a fyn hawberk,
     Was al ywroght of Jewes werk,
        Ful strong it was of plate.
     And over that his cote-armour
     As whit as is a lilye flour,
        In which he wol debate.
     
     His sheeld was al of gold so reed,
     And therinne was a bores heed,
        A charbocle bisyde;
     And there he swoor on ale and breed,
     How that "the geaunt shal be deed
        Bityde what bityde!"
     
     Hise jambeux were of quyrboilly,
     His swerdes shethe of yvory,
        His helm of laton bright,
     His sadel was of rewel-boon,
     His brydel as the sonne shoon,
        Or as the moone light.
     
     His spere it was of fyn ciprees,
     That bodeth werre, and no thyng pees,
        The heed ful sharpe ygrounde;
     His steede was al dappull-gray,
     It gooth an ambil in the way
        Ful softely and rounde
                         In londe.
     Loo, lordes myne, heere is a fit;
     If ye wol any moore of it,
        To telle it wol I fonde.
     
     The Second Fit.
     
     Now holde youre mouth, par charitee,
     Bothe knyght and lady free,
        And herkneth to my spelle;
     Of batailles and of chivalry
     And of ladyes love-drury
        Anon I wol yow telle.
     
     Men speken of romances of prys,
     Of Hornchild, and of Ypotys,
        Of Beves and Sir Gy,
     Of Sir Lybeux and Pleyndamour,
     But Sir Thopas, he bereth the flour
        Of roial chivalry.
     
     His goode steede al he bistrood,
     And forth upon his wey he glood
        As sparcle out of the bronde.
     Upon his creest he bar a tour,
     And therinne stiked a lilie-flour;
        God shilde his cors fro shonde!
     
     And for he was a knyght auntrous,
     He nolde slepen in noon hous,
        But liggen in his hoode.
     His brighte helm was his wonger,
     And by hym baiteth his dextrer
        Of herbes fyne and goode.
     
     Hym-self drank water of the well,
     As dide the knyght sir Percyvell
        So worly under wede,
     Til on a day-----------
     
     Heere the Hoost stynteth Chaucer of his Tale of Thopas.
     
        "Na moore of this, for Goddes dignitee,"
     Quod oure hooste, "for thou makest me
     So wery of thy verray lewednesse,
     That also wisly God my soule blesse,
     Min eres aken of thy drasty speche.
     
     Now swich a rym the devel I biteche!
     This may wel be rym dogerel," quod he.
     "Why so?" quod I, "why wiltow lette me
     Moore of my tale than another man
     Syn that it is the beste tale I kan?"
     
     "By God," quod he, "for pleynly at a word
     Thy drasty rymyng is nat worth a toord,
     Thou doost noght elles but despendest tyme.
     Sir, at o word thou shalt no lenger ryme.
     Lat se wher thou kanst tellen aught in geeste,
     
     Or telle in prose somwhat, at the leeste,
     In which ther be som murthe or som doctryne."
     "Gladly," quod I, "by Goddes sweete pyne,
     I wol yow telle a litel thyng in prose,
     That oghte liken yow as I suppose,
     
     Or elles, certes, ye been to daungerous.
     It is a moral tale vertuous,
     Al be it take somtyme in sondry wyse
     Of sondry folk as I shal yow devyse.
     As thus; ye woot that every Evaungelist
     
     That telleth us the peyne of Jesu Crist
     Ne seith nat alle thyng as his felawe dooth,
     But, nathelees, hir sentence is al sooth,
     And alle acorden as in hir sentence,
     Al be her in hir tellyng difference.
     
     For somme of hem seyn moore, and somme seyn lesse,
     Whan they his pitous passioun expresse;
     I meene of Marke, Mathew, Luc, and John,
     But doutelees hir sentence is al oon,
     Therfore, lordynges alle, I yow biseche
     
     If that yow thynke I varie as in my speche,
     As thus, though that I telle somwhat moore
     Of proverbes, than ye han herd bifoore,
     Comprehended in this litel tretys heere,
     To enforce with theffect of my mateere,
     
     And though I nat the same wordes seye
     As ye han herd, yet to yow alle I preye,
     Blameth me nat; for, as in my sentence
     Ye shul nat fynden moche difference
     Fro the sentence of this tretys lyte
     
     After the which this murye tale I write.
     And therfore herkneth what that I shal seye,
     And lat me tellen al my tale, I preye."
     
     THE TALE (in prose).
     
        (A young man called Melibeus, whose wife Prudence and
     daughter Sophie (Wisdom) are maltreated by his foes in
     his absence, is counseled with many wise sayings uttered by
     his wife tending toward peace and forgiveness, instead of 
     revenge.)
     Part 12
     
     PROLOGUE TO THE MONKES TALE
     
     The murye wordes of the Hoost to the Monk.
     
        Whan ended was my tale of Melibee,
     And of Prudence, and hir benignytee,
     Oure hooste seyde, "As I am feithful man,
     And by that precious corpus Madrian,
     I hadde levere than a barel ale
     
     That goode lief my wyf hadde herd this tale!
     She nys nothyng of swich pacience
     As was this Melibeus wyf, Prudence.
     By Goddes bones, whan I bete my knaves
     She bryngeth me forth the grete clobbed staves,
     
     And crieth, `Slee the dogges, everichoon,
     And brek hem, bothe bak and every boon.'
     And if that any neighebore of myne
     Wol nat in chirche to my wyf enclyne,
     Or be so hardy to hir to trespace,
     
     Whan she comth hoom she rampeth in my face,
     And crieth, `false coward, wrek thy wyf!
     By corpus bones, I wol have thy knyf,
     And thou shalt have my distaf and go spynne
     Fro day to nyght!'  Right thus she wol bigynne.
     
     `Allas,' she seith, `that evere I was shape
     To wedden a milksop or a coward ape,
     That wol been overlad with every wight;
     Thou darst nat stonden by thy wyves right!'
     This is my lif, but if that I wol fighte,
     
     And out at dore anon I moot me dighte,
     Or elles I am but lost, but if that I
     Be lik a wilde leoun fool-hardy.
     I woot wel she wol do me slee som day
     Som neighebore, and thanne go my way.
     
     For I am perilous with knyf in honde,
     Al be it that I dar hir nat withstonde.
     For she is byg in armes, by my feith,
     That shal he fynde that hir mysdooth or seith-
     But lat us passe awey fro this mateere.
     
     My lord the Monk," quod he, "be myrie of cheere,
     For ye shul telle a tale, trewely.
     Loo, Rouchestre stant heer faste by.
     Ryde forth, myn owene lord, brek nat oure game.
     But, by my trouthe, I knowe nat youre name;
     
     Wher shal I calle yow my lord daun John,
     Or daun Thomas, or elles daun Albon?
     Of what hous be ye, by youre fader kyn?
     I vowe to God, thou hast a ful fair skyn,
     It is a gentil pasture ther thow goost.
     
     Thou art nat lyk a penant or a goost.
     Upon my feith, thou art som officer,
     Som worthy sexteyn, or som celerer,
     For by my fader soule, as to my doom,
     Thou art a maister whan thou art at hoom,
     
     No povre cloysterer, ne no novys,
     But a governour, wily and wys;
     And therwith-al of brawnes and of bones
     A wel-farynge persone, for the nones.
     I pray to God, yeve hym confusioun
     
     That first thee broghte unto religioun.
     Thou woldest han been a tredefowel aright;
     Haddwstow as greet a leeve as thou hast myght
     To parfourne al thy lust in engendrure,
     Thou haddest bigeten ful many a creature.
     
     Allas, why werestow so wyd a cope?
     God yeve me sorwe, but, and I were a pope,
     Nat oonly thou but every myghty man
     Though he were shorn ful hye upon his pan,
     Sholde have a wyf, for al the world is lorn.
     
     Religioun hath take up al the corn
     Of tredyng, and we borel men been shrympes.
     Of fieble trees ther comen wrecched ympes.
     This maketh that our heyres ben so sclendre
     And feble, that they may nat wel engendre;
     
     This maketh that oure wyves wole assaye
     Religious folk, for ye mowe bettre paye
     Of Venus paiementz than mowe we;
     God woot no lussheburghes payen ye.
     But be nat wrooth, my lord, for that I pleye,
     
     Ful ofte in game a sooth I have herd seye."
     This worthy Monk took al in pacience,
     And seyde, "I wol doon al my diligence,
     As fer as sowneth into honestee,
     To telle yow a tale, or two, or three.
     
     And if yow list to herkne hyderward
     I wol yow seyn the lyf of seint Edward;
     Or ellis first tragedies wol I telle
     Of whiche I have an hundred in my celle.
     Tragedie is to seyn, a certeyn storie,
     
     As olde bookes maken us memorie,
     Of hym that stood in greet prosperitee
     And is yfallen out of heigh degree
     Into myserie, and endeth wrecchedly,
     And they ben versified communely
     
     Of six feet, which men clepen exametron.
     In prose eek been endited many oon,
     And eek in meetre, in many a sondry wyse.
     Lo, this declaryng oghte ynogh suffise;
     Now herkneth, if yow liketh for to heere.
     
     But first, I yow biseeke in this mateere,
     Though I by ordre telle nat this thynges,
     Be it of popes, emperours, or kynges,
     After hir ages, as men writen fynde,
     But tellen hem, som bifore and som bihynde,
     
     As it now comth unto my remembraunce;
     Have me excused of myn ignoraunce.
     
     
     
     
     

     
     Part 13
     
     THE MONKES TALE
     
     Heere bigynneth the Monkes Tale de Casibut Virorum
     Illustrium.
     
        I wol biwaille in manere of Tragedie
     The harm of hem that stoode in heigh degree,
     And fillen so, that ther nas no remedie
     To brynge hem out of hir adversitee.
     For certein, whan that Fortune list to flee,
     Ther may no man the cours of hire withholde;
     Lat no man truste on blynd prosperitee;
     Be war of thise ensamples, trewe and olde.
     
                                Lucifer
     
        At Lucifer, though he an aungel were,
     And nat a man, at hym wol I biginne,
     For though Fortune may noon aungel dere,
     From heigh degree yet fel he for his synne
     Doun into helle, where he yet is inne.
     O Lucifer, brightest of aungels alle,
     Now artow Sathanas, that mayst nat twynne
     Out of miserie, in which that thou art falle.
     
                                Adam
     
        Loo Adam, in the feeld of Damyssene,
     With Goddes owene fynger wroght was he,
     And nat bigeten of mannes sperme unclene,
     And welte all Paradys, savynge o tree.
     Hadde nevere worldly man so heigh degree
     As Adam, til he, for mysgovernaunce,
     Was dryven out of hys hye prosperitee
     To labour, and to helle, and to meschaunce.
     
                                Sampson
     
        Loo Sampson, which that was annunciat
     By angel, longe er his nativitee,
     And was to God almyghty consecrat,
     And stood in noblesse whil he myghte see,
     Was nevere swich another as was hee,
     To speke of strengthe and therwith hardynesse;
     But to hise wyves toolde he his secree,
     Thurgh which he slow hymself for wrecchednesse.
     
     Sampsoun, this noble almyghty champioun,
     Withouten wepene, save his handes tweye,
     He slow and al torente the leoun
     Toward his weddyng walkynge by the weye.
     His false wyf koude hym so plese and preye
     Til she his conseil knew, and she untrewe
     Unto hise foos his conseil gan biwreye,
     And hym forsook, and took another newe.
     
     Thre hundred foxes took Sampson for ire,
     And alle hir tayles he togydre bond,
     And sette the foxes tayles alle on fire;
     For he on every tayl had knyt a brond,
     And they brende alle the cornes in that lond,
     And alle hir olyveres and vynes eke.
     A thousand men he slow eek with his hond,
     And hadde no wepene but an asses cheke.
     

     Whan they were slayn, so thursted hym, that he
     Was wel ny lorn, for which he gan to preye
     That God wolde on his peyne han som pitee,
     And sende hym drynke, or elles moste he deye;
     And of this asses cheke, that was dreye,
     Out of a wang-tooth sprang anon a welle
     Of which he drank anon, shortly to seye,
     Thus heelp hym God, as Judicum can telle.
     
     By verray force at Gazan, on a nyght,
     Maugree Philistiens of that citee,
     The gates of the toun he hath upplyght,
     And on his bak ycaryed hem hath he
     Hye on an hille, that men myghte hem see.
     O noble almyghty Sampson, lief and deere,
     Had thou nat toold to wommen thy secree,
     In all this world ne hadde been thy peere.
     
     This Sampson nevere ciser drank, ne wyn,
     Ne on his heed cam rasour noon, ne sheere,
     By precept of the messager divyn,
     For alle hise strengthes in hise heeres weere.
     And fully twenty wynter, yeer by yeere,
     He hadde of Israel the governaunce.
     But soone shal he wepen many a teere,
     For wommen shal hym bryngen to meschaunce!
     
     Unto his lemman Dalida he tolde
     That in hise heeres al his strengthe lay,
     And falsly to hise fooman she hym solde;
     And slepynge in hir barme upon a day
     She made to clippe or shere hise heres away,
     And made hise foomen al this craft espyn.
     And whan that they hym foond in this array,
     They bounde hym faste, and putten out hise eyen.
     
     But er his heer were clipped or yshave,
     Ther was no boond with which men myght him bynde,
     But now is he in prison in a cave,
     Where as they made hym at the queerne grynde.
     O noble Sampson, strongest of mankynde,
     O whilom juge in glorie and in richesse,
     Now maystow wepen with thyne eyen blynde,
     Sith thou fro wele art falle in wrecchednesse!
     
     The ende of this caytyf was as I shal seye;
     Hise foomen made a feeste upon a day,
     And made hym as hir fool biforn hem pleye.
     And this was in a temple of greet array;
     But atte laste he made a foul affray,
     For he two pilers shook, and made hem falle,
     And doun fil temple and al, and ther it lay,
     And slow hymself, and eek his foomen alle.
     
     This is to seyn, the prynces everichoon,
     And eek thre thousand bodyes were ther slayn
     With fallynge of the grete temple of stoon.
     Of Sampson now wol I namoore sayn:
     Beth war by this ensample oold and playn
     That no men telle hir conseil til hir wyves
     Of swich thyng as they solde han secree fayn,
     If that it touche hir lymmes or hir lyves.
     
                              Hercules
     
        Off Hercules the sovereyn conquerour
     Syngen hise werkes laude and heigh renoun,
     For in his tyme of strengthe he was the flour.
     He slow and rafte the skyn of the leoun,
     He of Centauros leyde the boost adoun,
     He arpies slow, the crueel bryddes felle,
     He golden apples refte of the dragoun,
     He drow out Cerberus the hound of helle.
     
     He slow the crueel tyrant Busirus,
     And made his hors to frete hym, flessh and boon;
     He slow the firy serpent venymus,
     Of Acheloys two hornes, he brak oon.
     And he slow Cacus in a Cave of stoon;
     He slow the geaunt Antheus the stronge,
     He slow the grisly boor, and that anon,
     And bar the hevene on his nekke longe.
     
     Was nevere wight, sith that this world bigan,
     That slow so manye monstres as dide he.
     Thurghout this wyde world his name ran,
     What for his strengthe, and for his heigh bountee,
     And every reawme wente he for to see.
     He was so stroong that no man myghte hym lette;
     At bothe the worldes endes, seith Trophee,
     
     In stide of boundes, he a pileer sette.
     
     A lemman hadde this noble champioun,
     That highte Dianira, fressh as May,
     And as thise clerkes maken mencioun,
     She hath hym sent a sherte fressh and gay.
     Allas, this sherte, allas, and weylaway!
     Envenymed was so subtilly withalle,
     That er that he had wered it half a day
     It made his flessh al from hise bones falle.
     
     But nathelees somme clerkes hir excusen
     By oon that highte Nessus, that it maked.
     Be as be may, I wol hir noght accusen;
     But on his bak this sherte he wered al naked,
     Til that his flessh was for the venym blaked;
     And whan he saugh noon oother remedye,
     In hoote coles he hath hym-selven raked,
     For with no venym deigned hym to dye.
     
     Thus starf this worthy myghty Hercules.
     Lo, who may truste on Fortune any throwe?
     For hym that folweth al this world of prees,
     Er he be war, is ofte yleyd ful lowe.
     Ful wys is he that kan hymselven knowe.
     Beth war, for whan that Fortune list to glose,
     Thanne wayteth she her man to overthrowe,
     By swich a wey, as he wolde leest suppose.
     
                          Nabugodonosor
     
        The myghty trone, the precious tresor
     The golrious ceptre and roial magestee
     That hadde the kyng Nabugodonosor,
     With tonge unnethe may discryved bee.
     He twyes wan Jerusalem the citee;
     The vessel of the temple he with hym ladde.
     At Babiloigne was his sovereyn see,
     In which his glorie and his delit he hadde.
     
     The faireste children of the blood roial
     Of Israel he leet do gelde anoon,
     And make ech of hem to been his thral.
     Amonges othere, Daniel was oon,
     That was the wiseste child of everychon;
     For he the dremes of the kyng expouned
     Wheras in Chaldeye clerk ne was ther noon
     That wiste to what fyn hise dremes sowned.
     
     This proude kyng leet maken a statue of gold
     Sixty cubites long, and sevene in brede,
     To which ymage bothe yonge and oold
     Comaunded he to loute and have in drede,
     Or in a fourneys ful of flambes rede
     He shal be brent, that wolde noght obeye.
     But nevere wolde assente to that dede
     Daniel, ne hise yonge felawes tweye.
     
     This kyng of kynges proud was and elaat;
     He wende, that God that sit in magestee
     Ne myghte hym nat bireve of his estaat;
     But sodeynly he loste his dignytee,
     And lyk a beest hym semed for to bee,
     And eet hey as an oxe and lay theroute;
     In reyn with wilde beestes walked hee
     Til certein tyme was ycome aboute.
     
     And lik an egles fetheres wex his heres,
     Hise nayles lyk a briddes clawes weere,
     Til God relessed hym a certeyn yeres,
     And yaf hym wit, and thanne, with many a teere,
     He thanked God; and evere his lyf in feere
     Was he to doon amys, or moore trespace,
     And til that tyme he leyd was on his beere,
     He knew that God was ful of myght and grace.
     
                           Balthasar
     
        His sone which that highte Balthasar,
     That heeld the regne after his fader day,
     He by his fader koude noght be war,
     For proud he was of herte and of array;
     And eek an ydolastre he was ay.
     His hye estaat assured hym in pryde;
     But Fortune caste hym doun and ther he lay,
     And sodeynly his regne gan divide.
     
     A feeste he made unto hise lordes alle
     Upon a tyme, and bad hem blithe bee,
     And thanne hise officeres gan he calle,
     "Gooth, bryngeth forth the vesseles," quod he,
     "Whiche that my fader, in his prosperitee,
     Out of the temple of Jerusalem birafte,
     And to oure hye goddes thanke we
     Of honour, that oure eldres with us lafte."
     
     Hys wyf, hise lordes, and hise concubynes
     Ay dronken, whil hire appetites laste,
     Out of thise noble vessels sondry wynes.
     And on a wal this kyng hise eyen caste,
     And saugh an hand armlees that wroot ful faste,
     For feere of which he quook and siked soore.
     This hand, that Balthasar so soore agaste,
     Wroot `Mame, techel, phares,' and na moore.
     
     In al that land magicien was noon
     That koude expounde what this lettre mente.
     But Daniel expowned it anon,
     And seyde, "Kyng, God to thy fader lente
     Glorie and honour, regne, tresour, rente;
     And he was proud, and nothyng God ne dradde,
     And therfore God greet wreche upon hym sente,
     And hym birafte the regne that he hadde.
     
     He was out-cast of mannes compaignye,
     With asses was his habitacioun,
     And eet hey as a beest in weet and drye,
     Til that he knew by grace and by resoun
     That God of hevene hath domynacioun
     Over every regne and every creature,
     And thanne hadde God of hym compassioun
     And hym restored his regne and his figure.
     
     Eek thou that art his sone art proud also,
     And knowest alle thise thynges verraily,
     And art rebel to God and art his foo.
     Thou drank eek of hise vessels boldely, 
     Thy wyf eek, and thy wenches synfully
     Dronke of the same vessels sondry wynys,
     And heryest false goddes cursedly;
     Therfore to thee yshapen ful greet pyne ys.
     
     This hand was sent from God, that on the wal
     Wroot `Mane techel phares,' truste me!
     Thy regne is doon, thou weyest noght at al,
     Dyvyded is thy regne, and it shal be
     To Medes and to Perses yeve," quod he.
     And thilke same nyght this kyng was slawe
     And Darius occupyeth his degree,
     Thogh he therto hadde neither right ne lawe.
     
     Lordynges, ensample heer-by may ye take
     How that in lordshipe is no sikernesse;
     For whan Fortune wole a man forsake,
     She bereth awey his regne and his richesse,
     And eek hise freendes, bothe moore and lesse,
     For what man that hath freendes thurgh Fortune
     Mishap wol maken hem enemys, as I gesse;
     This proverbe is ful sooth and ful commune.
     
                                Cenobia
     
        Cenobia, of Palymerie queene,
     As writen Persiens of hir noblesse,
     So worthy was in armes, and so keene,
     That no wight passed hir in hardynesse,
     Ne in lynage, ne in oother gentillesse.
     Of kynges blood of Perce is she descended.
     I seye nat that she hadde moost fairnesse,
     But of hire shap she myghte nat been amended.
     
     From hir childhede I fynde that she fledde
     Office of wommen, and to wode she wente,
     And many a wilde hertes blood she shedde
     With arwes brode, that she to hem sente.
     She was so swift that she anon hem hente,
     And whan that she was elder, she wolde kille
     Leouns, leopardes, and beres al to-rente,
     And in hir armes weelde hem at hir wille.
     
     
     She dorste wilde heestes dennes seke,
     And rennen in the montaignes al the nyght
     And slepen under the bussh, and she koude eke
     Wrastlen by verray force and verray myght
     With any yong man, were he never so wight;
     Ther myghte nothyng in hir armes stonde.
     She kepte hir maydenhod from every wight,
     To no man deigned hir for to be bonde.
     
     But atte laste hir freendes han hir maried
     To Odenake, a prynce of that contree,
     Al were it so that she hem longe taried,
     And ye shul understonde how that he
     Hadde swiche fantasies as hadde she.
     But nathelees, whan they were knyt infeere,
     They lyved in joye and in felicitee,
     For ech of hem hadde oother lief and deere;
     
     Save o thyng, that she wolde nevere assente
     By no wey that he sholde by hir lye
     But ones, for it was hir pleyn entente
     To have a child the world to multiplye;
     And also soone as that she myghte espye
     That she was nat with childe with that dede,
     Thanne wolde she suffre hym doon his fantasye
     Eft-soone and nat but oones, out of drede.
     
     And if she were with childe at thilke cast,
     Namoore sholde he pleyen thilke game
     Til fully fourty dayes weren past;
     Thanne wolde she ones suffre hym do the same.
     Al were this Odenake wilde or tame,
     He gat no moore of hir, for thus she seyde,
     It was to wyves lecheie and shame
     In oother caas, it that men with hem pleyde.
     
     Two sones by this Odenake hadde she,
     The whiche she kepte in vertu and lettrure,
     But now unto oure tale turne we;
     I seye, so worshipful a creature,
     And wys ther-with, and large with mesure,
     So penyble in the werre, and curteis eke,
     Ne moore labour myghte in werre endure,
     Was noon, though al this world men wolde seke.
     
     Hir riche array ne myghte nat be told
     As wel in vessel as in hir clothyng;
     She was al clad in perree and in gold,
     And eek she lafte noght for noon huntyng
     To have of sondry tonges ful knowyng,
     Whan that she leyser hadde, and for to entende
     To lerne bookes was al hire likyng, 
     How she in vertu myghte hir lyf dispende.
     
     And shortly of this proces for to trete,
     So doghty was hir housbonde and eek she,
     That they conquered manye regnes grete
     In the orient, with many a faire citee,
     Apertenaunt unto the magestee
     Of Rome, and with strong hond held hem ful faste,
     Ne nevere myghte hir foomen doon hem flee,
     Ay whil that Odenakes dayes laste.
     
     Hir batailles, who-so list hem for to rede,
     Agayn Sapor the kyng and othere mo,
     And how that al this proces fil in dede,
     Why she conquered, and what title had therto,
     And after of hir meschief and hire wo,
     How that she was biseged and ytake,
     Lat hym unto my maister Petrak go,
     That writ ynough of this, I undertake.
     
     Whan Odenake was deed, she myghtily
     The regnes heeld; and with hir propre hond
     Agayn hir foos she faught so cruelly
     That ther nas kyng ne prynce in al that lond
     That he nas glad, if he that grace fond
     That she ne wolde upon his lond werreye.
     With hir they makded alliance by bond
     To been in pees, and let hire ride and pleye.
     
     The Emperour of Rome, Claudius,
     Ne hym bifore, the Romayn Galien,
     Ne dorste nevere been so corageus,
     Ne noon Ermyn, ne noon Egipcien,
     Ne Surrien, ne noon arabyen,
     With-inne the feeldes that dorste with hir fighte,
     Lest that she wolde hem with hir handes slen,
     Or with hir meignee putten hem to flighte.
     
     In kynges habit wente hir sones two
     As heires of hir fadres regnes alle,
     And Hermanno, and Thymalao
     Hir names were, as Persiens hem calle.
     But ay Fortune hath in hir hony galle;
     This myghty queene may no while endure.
     Fortune out of hir regne made hir falle
     To wrecchednesse and to mysaventure.
     
     Aurelian, whan that the governaunce
     Of Rome cam into hise handes tweye,
     He shoope upon this queene to doon vengeaunce,
     And with hise legions he took his weye
     Toward Cenobie, and shortly for to seye,
     He made hir flee and atte last hir hente,
     And fettred hir, and eek hir children tweye,
     And wan the land, and hoom to Rome he wente.
     
     Amonges othere thynges that he wan,
     Hir chaar, that was with gold wroght and perree,
     This grete Romayn, this Aurelian,
     Hath with hym lad for that men sholde it see.
     Biforen his triumphe walketh shee,
     With gilte cheynes on hir nekke hangynge;
     Coroned was she, after hir degree,
     And ful of perree charged hir clothynge.
     
     Allas, Fortune! she that whilom was
     Dredful to kynges and to emperoures,
     Now gaureth al the peple on hir, allas!
     And she that helmed was in starke shoures
     And wan by force townes stronge and toures
     Shal on hir heed now were a vitremyte,
     And she that bar the ceptre ful of floures
     Shal bere a distaf, hir costes for to quyte.
     
                         De Petro Rege Ispannie
     
        O noble, O worthy Petro, glorie of Spayne!
     Whom Fortune heeld so hye in magestee,
     Wel oghten men thy pitous deeth complayne;
     Out of thy land thy brother made thee flee,
     And after at a seege by subtiltee
     Thou were bitraysed, and lad unto his tente
     Where as he with his owene hand slow thee,
     Succedynge in thy regne and in thy rente.
     
     The feeld of snow, with thegle of blak therinne
     Caught with the lymerod, coloured as the gleede,
     He brew this cursednesse and al this synne.
     The wikked nest was werker of this nede,
     Noght Charles Olyvver, that took ay heede
     Of trouthe and honour, but of Armorike
     Genyloun Olyver, corrupt for meede,
     Broghte this worthy kyng in swich a brike.
     
                      De Petro Rege de Cipro
     
        O worthy Petro, kyng of Cipre, also,
     That Alisandre wan by heigh maistrie,
     Ful many an hethen wroghtestow ful wo,
     Of which thyne owene liges hadde envye,
     And for nothyng but for thy chivalrie,
     They in thy bed han slayn thee by the morwe.
     Thus kan Fortune hir wheel governe and gye,
     And out of joye brynge men to sorwe.
     
                     De Barnabo de Lumbardia
     
        Off Melan grete Barnabo Viscounte,
     God of delit and scourge of Lumbardye,
     Why sholde I nat thyn infortune acounte,
     Sith in estaat thow cloumbe were so hye?
     Thy brother sone, that was thy double allye
     For he thy nevew was, and sone-in-lawe,
     Withinne his prisoun made thee to dye,
     But why, ne how, noot I that thou were slawe.
     
                   De Hugelino Comite de Pize
     
        Off the Erl Hugelyn of Pyze the langour
     Ther may no tonge telle for pitee.
     But litel out of Pize stant a tour,
     In whiche tour in prisoun put was he,
     And with hym been his litel children thre,
     The eldeste scarsly fyf yeer was of age.
     Allas, Fortune, it was greet crueltee
     Swiche briddes for to putte in swiche a cage!
     
     Dampned was he to dyen in that prisoun,
     For Roger, which that Bisshop was of Pize,
     Hadde on hym maad a fals suggestioun,
     Thurgh which the peple gan upon hym rise,
     And putten hym to prisoun in swich wise
     As ye han herd, and mete and drynke he hadde
     So smal that wel unnethe it may suffise,
     And therwithal it was ful povre and badde.
     
     And on a day bifil, that in that hour
     Whan that his mete wont was to be broght,
     The gayler shette the dores of the tour;
     He herde it wel, but he spak right noght-
     And in his herte anon ther fil a thoght,
     That they for hunger wolde doon hym dyen.
     "Allas," quod he, "allas, that I was wroght!"
     Therwith the teeris fillen from hise eyen.
     
     His yonge sone, that thre yeer was of age,
     Unto hym seyde, "Fader, why do ye wepe?
     Whanne wol the gayler bryngen our potage?
     Is ther no morsel breed that ye do kepe?
     I am so hungry that I may nat slepe.
     Now wolde God that I myghte slepen evere!
     Thanne sholde nat hunger in my wombe crepe,
     Ther is nothyng but breed that me were levere."
     
     Thus day by day this child bigan to crye,
     Til in his fadres barm adoun it lay,
     And seyde, "Farewel, fader, I moot dye!"
     And kiste his fader, and dyde the same day.
     And whan the woful fader deed it say,
     For wo hise armes two he gan to byte,
     And seyde, "Allas, Fortune and weylaway!
     Thy false wheel my wo al may I wyte!"
     
     Hise children wende that it for hunger was
     That he his armes gnow, and nat for wo,
     And seyde, "Fader, do nat so, allas!
     But rather ete the flessh upon us two.
     Oure flessh thou yaf us, take our flessh us fro,
     And ete ynogh," right thus they to hym seyde;
     And after that withinne a day or two
     They leyde hem in his lappe adoun, and deyde.
     
     Hymself, despeired, eek for hunger starf,
     Thus ended is this myghty Erl of Pize.
     From heigh estaat Fortune awey hym carf,
     Of this tragedie it oghte ynough suffise.
     Whoso wol here it in a lenger wise,
     Redeth the grete poete of Ytaille
     That highte Dant, for he kan al devyse
     Fro point to point, nat o word wol he faille.
     
                                Nero
     
        Al though that Nero were vicius
     As any feend that lith in helle adoun,
     Yet he, as telleth us Swetonius,
     This wyde world hadde in subjeccioun, 
     Bothe Est and West, South and Septemtrioun;
     Of rubies, saphires, and of peerles white
     Were alle hise clothes brouded up and doun,
     For he in gemmes greetly gan delite.
     
     Moore delicaat, moore pompous of array,
     Moore proud was nevere emperour than he.
     That ilke clooth that he hadde wered o day,
     After that tyme he nolde it nevere see.
     Nettes of gold-threed hadde he greet plentee,
     To fisshe in Tybre, whan hym liste pleye.
     Hise lustes were al lawe in his decree,
     For Fortune as his freend hym wolde obeye.
     
     He Rome brende for his delicasie;
     The senatours he slow upon a day,
     To heere how men wolde wepe and crie;
     And slow his brother, and by his suster lay.
     His mooder made he in pitous array,
     For he hir wombe slitte, to biholde
     Wher he conceyved was, so weilaway
     That he so litel of his mooder tolde!
     
     No teere out of hise eyen for that sighte
     Ne cam; but seyde, "A fair womman was she."
     Greet wonder is how that he koude or myghte
     Be domesman of hir dede beautee.
     The wyn to bryngen hym comanded he,
     And drank anon; noon oother wo he made,
     Whan myght is joyned unto crueltee,
     Allas, to depe wol the venym wade!
     
     In yowthe a maister hadde this emperour
     To techen hym lettrure and curteisye,
     For of moralitee he was the flour,
     As in his tyme, but if bookes lye.
     And whil this maister hadde of hym maistrye,
     He maked hym so konnyng and so sowple,
     That longe tyme it was, er tirannye
     Or any vice dorste on hym uncowple.
     
     This Seneca, of which that I devyse,
     By-cause Nero hadde of hym swich drede,
     (For he fro vices wolde hym chastise
     Discreetly as by word, and nat by dede)
     "Sire," wolde he seyn, "an emperour moot nede
     Be vertuous and hate tirannye."-
     For which he in a bath made hym to blede
     On bothe hise armes, til he moste dye.
     
     This Nero hadde eek of acustumaunce
     In youthe agayns his maister for to ryse,
     Which afterward hym thoughte greet grevaunce;
     Therfore he made hym dyen in this wise,
     But nathelees, this Seneca the wise
     Chees in a bath to dye in this manere,
     Rather than han anoother tormentise,
     And thus hath Nero slayn his maister deere.
     
     Now fil it so, that Fortune liste no lenger
     The hye pryde of Nero to cherice;
     For though that he was strong, yet was she strenger;
     She thoughte thus, "By God, I am to nyce
     To sette a man that is fulfild of vice
     In heigh degree, and emperour hym calle.
     By God, out of his sete I wol hym trice,
     Whan he leest weneth, sonnest shal he falle."
     
     The peple roos upon hym on a nyght
     For his defaute, and whan he it espied
     Out of hise dores anoon he hath hym dight
     Allone, and ther he wende han been allied
     He knokked faste, and ay the moore he cried,
     The faster shette they the dores alle.
     For drede of this hym thoughte that he dyed,
     And wente his wey, no lenger dorste he calle.
     
     The peple cride, and rombled up and doun,
     That with his erys herde he how they seyde,
     "Where is this false tiraunt, this Neroun?"
     For fere almoost out of his wit he breyde,
     And to his goddes pitously he preyde
     For socour, but it myghte nat bityde.
     For drede of this hym thoughte that he deyde,
     And ran into a gardin hym to hyde.
     
     And in this gardyn foond he cherles tweye,
     That seten by a fyr greet and reed,
     And to thise cherles two he gan to preye
     To sleen hym and to girden of his heed,
     That to his body whan that he were deed
     Were no despit ydoon, for his defame.
     Hymself he slow, he koude no bettre reed,
     Of which Fortune lough and hadde a game.
     

                           De Oloferno
     
        Was nevere capitayn under a kyng
     That regnes mo putte in subjeccioun,
     Ne strenger was in feeld of alle thyng
     As ibn his tyme, ne gretter of renoun,
     Ne moore pompous in heigh presumpcioun,
     Than Oloferne, which Fortune ay kiste
     So likerously, and ladde hym up and doun
     Til that his heed was of er that he wiste.
     
     Nat oonly that this world hadde hym in awe
     For lesynge of richesse or libertee,
     But he made every man reneyen his lawe.
     "Nabugodonosor was god," seyde hee,
     "Noon oother god sholde adoure bee."
     Agayns his heeste no wight dorste trespace,
     Save in Bethulia, a strong citee,
     Where Eliachim a preest was of that place.
     
     But taak kepe of the deeth of Oloferne;
     Amydde his hoost he dronke lay a nyght,
     Withinne his tente, large as is a berne;
     And yet for al his pompe and al his myght
     Judith, a womman, as he lay upright
     Slepynge, his heed of smoot, and from his tente
     Ful prively she stal from every wight,
     And with his heed unto hir toun she wente.
     
                     De Rege Anthiocho illustri
     
        What nedeth it of kyng Anthiochus
     To telle his hye roial magestee,
     His hye pride, hise werkes venymous?
     For swich another was ther noon as he,
     Rede which that he was in Machabee,
     And rede the proude wordes that he seyde,
     And why he fil fro heigh prosperitee,
     And in an hill how wrecchedly he deyde.
     
     Fortune hym hadde enhaunced so in pride
     That verraily he wende he myghte attayne
     Unto the sterres upon every syde,
     And in balance weyen ech montayne, 
     And alle the floodes of the see restrayne.
     And Goddes peple hadde he moost in hate;
     Hem wolde he sleen in torment and in payne,
     Wenynge that God ne myghte his pride abate.
     
     And for that Nichanore and Thymothee
     Of Jewes weren venquysshed myghtily,
     Unto the Jewes swich an hate hadde he
     That he bad greithen his chaar ful hastily,
     And swoor, and seyde, ful despitously,
     Unto Jerusalem he wolde eft-soone,
     To wreken his ire on it ful cruelly;
     But of his purpos he was let ful soone.
     
     God for his manace hym so soore smoot
     With invisible wounde, ay incurable,
     That in hise guttes carf it so and boot
     That hise peynes weren importable.
     And certeinly, the wreche was resonable,
     For many a mannes guttes dide he peyne,
     But from his purpos cursed and dampnable
     For al his smert he wolde hym nat restreyne;
     
     But bad anon apparaillen his hoost,
     And sodeynly, er he was of it war,
     God daunted al his pride and al his boost,
     For he so soore fil out of his char,
     That it hise lemes and his skyn totar,
     So that he neyther myghte go ne ryde,
     But in a chayer men aboute hym bar
     Al forbrused, bothe bak and syde.
     
     The wreche of God hym smoot so cruelly
     That thurgh his body wikked wormes crepte;
     And therwithal he stank so horribly
     That noon of al his meynee that hym kepte
     Wheither so he wook or ellis slepte,
     Ne myghte noghy for stynk of hym endure.
     In this meschief he wayled and eek wepte,
     And knew God lord of every creature.
     
     To all his hoost and to hymself also
     Ful wlatsom was the stynk of his careyne,
     No man ne myghte hym bere to ne fro,
     And in this stynk and this horrible peyne
     He starf ful wrecchedly in a monteyne.
     Thus hath this robbour and this homycide,
     That many a man made to wepe and pleyne,
     Swich gerdoun as bilongeth unto pryde.
     
                           De Alexandro
     
        The storie of Alisaundre is so commune
     That every wight that hath discrecioun
     Hath herd somwhat or al of his fortune.
     This wyde world, as in conclusioun,
     He wan by strengthe, or for his hye renoun
     They weren glad for pees unto hym sende.
     The pride of man and beest he leyde adoun
     Wher-so he cam, unto the worldes ende.
     
     Comparison myghte nevere yet been maked
     Bitwixen hym and another conquerour,
     For al this world for drede of hym hath quaked.
     He was of knyghthod and of fredom flour,
     Fortune hym made the heir of hir honour.
     Save wyn and wommen nothyng myghte aswage
     His hye entente in armes and labour,
     So was he ful of leonyn corage.
     
     What pris were it to hym, though I yow tolde
     Of Darius, and an hundred thousand mo,
     Of kynges, princes, erles, dukes bolde,
     Whiche he conquered and broghte hem into wo?
     I seye, as fer as man may ryde or go,
     The world was his, what sholde I moore devyse?
     For though I write or tolde yow everemo,
     Of his knyghthode it myghte nat suffise.
     
     Twelf yeer he regned, as seith Machabee,
     Philippes sone of Macidoyne he was,
     That first was kyng in Grece the contree.
     O worhty gentil Alisandre, allas,
     That evere sholde fallen swich a cas!
     Empoysoned of thyn owene folk thou weere;
     Thy sys Fortune hath turned into aas
     And yet for thee ne weep she never a teere.
     

     Who shal me yeven teeris to compleyne
     The deeth of gentillesse and of franchise,
     That al the world weelded in his demeyne?
     And yet hym thoughte it myghte nat suffise,
     So ful was his corage of heigh emprise.
     Allas, who shal me helpe to endite
     False Fortune, and poyson to despise,
     The whiche two of al this wo I wyte?
     
                          De Julio Cesare
     
        By wisedom, manhede, and by gret labour
     From humble bed to roial magestee
     Up roos he, Julius the conquerour,
     That wan al thoccident by land and see
     By strengthe of hand, or elles by tretee,
     And unto Rome made hem tributarie;
     And sitthe of Rome the emperour was he,
     Til that Fortune weex his adversarie.
     
     O myghty Cesar, that in Thessalie
     Agayn Pompeus, fader thyn in lawe,
     That of the Orient hadde al the chivalrye
     As fer as that the day bigynneth dawe,
     Thou thurgh thy knyghthod hast hem take and slawe,
     Save fewe folk that with Pompeus fledde,
     Thurgh which thou puttest al thorient in awe,
     Thanke Fortune, that so wel thee spedde!
     
     But now a litel while I wol biwaille
     This Pompeus, this noble governour
     Of Rome, which that fleigh at this bataille,
     I seye, oon on hise men, a fals traitour,
     His heed of-smoot to wynnen hym favour
     Of Julius, and hym the heed he broghte;
     Allas, Pompeye, of thorient conquerour,
     That Fortune unto swich a fyn thee broghte!
     
     To Rome agayn repaireth Julius,
     With his triumphe lauriat ful hye;
     But on a tyme Brutus Cassius
     That evere hadde of his hye estaat envye,
     Ful prively hath maad conspiracye
     Agayns this Julius in subtil wise,
     And caste the place in which he sholde dye
     With boydekyns, as I shal yow devyse.
     
     This Julius to the Capitolie wente
     Upon a day, as he was wont to goon;
     And in the Capitolie anon hym hente
     This false Brutus and his othere foor,
     And stiked hym with boydekyns anoon
     With many a wounde; and thus they lete hym lye.
     But nevere gronte he at no strook but oon,
     Or elles at two, but if his sstorie lye.
     
     So manly was this Julius of herte
     And so wel lovede estaatly honestee,
     That though hise deedly woundes soore smerte,
     His mantel over hise hypes caste he,
     For no man sholde seen his privetee.
     And as he lay of diyng in a traunce,
     And wiste verraily that deed was hee,
     Of honestee yet hadde he remembraunce.
     
     Lucan, to thee this storie I recomende,
     And to Sweton, and to Valerie also,
     That of this storie writen word and ende,
     How that to thise grete conqueroures two
     Fortune was first freend, and sitthe foo.
     No man ne truste upon hire favour longe
     But have hir in awayt for evere moo!
     
     Witnesse on alle thise conqueroures stronge.
     
                               Cresus
     
        This riche Cresus whilom kyng of Lyde,
     Of whiche Cresus Cirus soore hym dradde,
     Yet was he caught amyddes al his pryde,
     And to be brent men to the fyr hym ladde.
     But swich a reyn doun fro the welkne shadde
     That slow the fyr, and made hym to escape;
     But to be war no grace yet he hadde,
     Til Fortune on the galwes made hym gape.
     
     Whanne he escaped was, he kan nat stente
     For to bigynne a newe werre agayn;
     He wende wel, for that Fortune hym sente
     Swich hap that he escaped thurgh the rayn,
     That of hise foos he myghte nat be slayn;
     And eek a swevene upon a nyght he mette,
     Of which he was so proud and eek so fayn
     That in vengeance he al his herte sette.
     
     Upon a tree he was, as that hym thoughte,
     Ther Jupiter hym wessh bothe bak and syde,
     And Phebus eek a fair towaille hym broughte,
     To dryen hym with; and therfore wax his pryde,
     And to his doghter that stood hym bisyde,
     Which that he knew in heigh science habounde,
     He bad hir telle hym what it signyfyde,
     And she his dreem bigan right thus expounde.
     
     "The tree," quod she, "the galwes is to meene,
     And Juppiter bitokneth snow and reyn,
     And Phebus with his towaille so clene,
     Tho been the sonne stremes for to seyn.
     Thou shalt anhanged be, fader, certeyn;
     Reyn shal thee wasshe, and sonne shal thee drye."
     Thus warnede hym ful plat and ful pleyn,
     His doghter, which that called was Phanye.
     
     Anhanged was Cresus, the proude kyng,
     His roial trone myghte hym nat availle.
     Tragedie is noon oother maner thyng,
     Ne kan in syngyng crye ne biwaille,
     But for that Fortune alwey wole assaille
     With unwar strook the regnes that been proude;
     For whan me trusteth hir, thanne wol she faille,
     And covere hir brighte face with a clowde.
     
     Explicit Tragedia.
     
     Heere stynteth the Knyght the Monk of his tale.
     
     Part 14
     
     PROLOGUE TO THE NONNES PREESTES TALE
     
     The Prologue of the Nonnes Preestes Tale.
     
        "Hoo!" quod the Knyght, "good sire, namoore of this,
     That ye han seyd is right ynough, ywis,
     And muchel moore, for litel hevynesse
     Is right ynough to muche folk, I gesse.
     I seye for me, it is a greet disese
     
     Where as men han been in greet welthe and ese,
     To heeren of hir sodeyn fal, allas!
     And the contrarie is joye and greet solas,
     As whan a man hath been in povre estaat, 
     And clymbeth up, and wexeth fortunat,
     
     And there abideth in prosperitee.
     Swich thyng is galdsom, as it thynketh me,
     And of swich thyng were goodly for to telle."
     "Ye," quod our Hoost, "by seinte Poules belle,
     Ye seye right sooth!  This Monk, he clappeth lowde,
     
     He spak, how Fortune covered with a clowde-
     I noot nevere what-and also of a `Tragedie'-
     Right now ye herde; and pardee, no remedie
     It is for to biwaille ne compleyne
     That that is doon; and als it is a peyne,
     
     As ye han seyd, to heere of hevynesse.
     Sire Monk, namoore of this, so God yow blesse!
     Youre tale anoyeth al this compaignye;
     Swich talkyng is nat worth a boterflye,
     For ther-inne is ther no desport ne game.
     
     Wherfore sir Monk, or daun Piers by youre name,
     I pray yow hertely, telle us somwhat elles,
     For sikerly, nere clynkyng of youre belles
     That on your bridel hange on every syde,
     By hevene kyng, that for us alle dyde,
     
     I sholde er this han fallen doun for sleepe,
     Althogh the slough had never been so deepe;
     Thanne hadde your tale al be toold in veyn.
     For, certeinly, as that thise clerkes seyn,
     Where as a man may have noon audience,
     
     Noght helpeth it to tellen his sentence.
     And wel I woot the substance is in me,
     If any thyng shal wel reported be.
     Sir, sey somwhat of huntyng, I yow preye."
     "Nay," quod this Monk, "I have no lust to pleye;
     
     Not lat another telle as I have toold."
     Thanne spak oure Hoost, with rude speche and boold,
     And seyde unto the Nonnes Preest anon,
     "Com neer, thou preest, com hyder, thou, sir John,
     Telle us swich thyng as may oure hertes glade;
     
     Be blithe, though thou ryde upon a jade.
     What thogh thyn hors be bothe foul and lene?
     If he wol serve thee, rekke nat a bene!
     Looke that thyn herte be murie everemo."
     "Yis sir," quod he, "yis, Hoost, so moot I go,
     
     But I be myrie, ywis, I wol be blamed."
     And right anon his tale he hath attamed,
     And thus he seyde unto us everichon,
     This sweete preest, this goodly man sir John.
     
     Part 15
     
     THE NONNES PREESTES TALE
     
     Heere bigynneth the Nonnes Preestes tale of the Cok and
     Hen, Chauntecleer and Pertelote.
     
        A povre wydwe, somdel stape in age,
     Was whilom dwellyng in a narwe cotage
     Biside a greve, stondynge in a dale.
     This wydwe, of which I telle yow my tale,
     Syn thilke day that she was last a wyf,
     
     In pacience ladde a ful symple lyf,
     For litel was hir catel and hir rente.
     By housbondrie, of swich as God hir sente,
     She foond hirself and eek hire doghtren two.
     Thre large sowes hadde she, and namo,
     
     Three keen, and eek a sheep that highte Malle.
     Ful sooty was hir bour and eek hire halle,
     In whidh she eet ful many a sklendre meel-
     Of poynaunt sauce hir neded never a deel.
     No deyntee morsel passed thurgh hir throte,
     
     Hir diete was accordant to hir cote.
     Repleccioun ne made hir nevere sik,
     Attempree diete was al hir phisik,
     And exercise, and hertes suffisaunce.
     The goute lette hir nothyng for to daunce,
     
     Napoplexie shente nat hir heed.
     No wyn ne drank she, neither whit ne reed,
     Hir bord was served moost with whit and blak,
     Milk and broun breed, in which she foond no lak,
     Seynd bacoun, and somtyme an ey or tweye,
     
     For she was as it were a maner deye.
     A yeerd she hadde, enclosed al aboute
     With stikkes, and a drye dych withoute,
     In which she hadde a Cok, heet Chauntecleer,
     In al the land of crowyng nas his peer.
     
     His voys was murier than the murle orgon
     On messedayes, that in the chirche gon.
     Wel sikerer was his crowyng in his logge,
     Than is a clokke, or an abbey orlogge.
     By nature he crew eche ascencioun
     
     Of the equynoxial in thilke toun;
     For whan degrees fiftene weren ascended,
     Thanne crew he, that it myghte nat been amended.
     His coomb was redder than the fyn coral,
     And batailled, as it were a castel wal.
     
     His byle was blak, and as the jeet it shoon,
     Lyk asure were hise legges and his toon,
     Hise nayles whiter than the lylye flour,
     And lyk the burned gold was his colour.
     This gentil cok hadde in his governaunce
     
     Sevene hennes, for to doon al his plesaunce,
     Whiche were hise sustres and his paramours,
     And wonder lyk to hym as of colours;
     Of whiche the faireste hewed on hir throte
     Was cleped faire damoysele Pertelote.
     

     Curteys she was, discreet, and debonaire
     And compaignable, and bar hyrself so faire
     Syn thilke day that she was seven nyght oold,
     That trewely she hath the herte in hoold
     Of Chauntecleer loken in every lith.
     
     He loved hir so, that wel was hym therwith.
     But swiche a joye was it to here hem synge
     Whan that the brighte sonne gan to sprynge,
     In sweete accord, "My lief is faren in londe,"-
     For thilke tyme, as I have understonde,
     
     Beestes and briddes koude speke and synge.
        And so bifel, that in the dawenynge,
     As Chauntecleer, among hise wyves alle,
     Sat on his perche, that was in the halle,
     And next hym sat this faire Pertelote,
     
     This Chauntecleer gan gronen in his throte
     As man that in his dreem is drecched soore.
     And whan that Pertelote thus herde hym roore
     She was agast, and seyde, "O herte deere,
     What eyleth yow, to grone in this manere?
     
     Ye been a verray sleper, fy for shame!"
     And he answerde and seyde thus, "Madame,
     I pray yow that ye take it nat agrief.
     By God, me thoughte I was in swich meschief
     Right now, that yet myn herte is soore afright.
     
     Now God," quod he, "my swevene recche aright,
     And kepe my body out of foul prisoun.
     Me mette how that I romed up and doun
     Withinne our yeerd, wheer as I saugh a beest
     Was lyk an hound, and wolde han maad areest
     
     Upon my body, and han had me deed.
     His colour was bitwixe yelow and reed,
     And tipped was his tayl and bothe hise eeris;
     With blak, unlyk the remenant of hise heeris;
     His snowte smal, with glowynge eyen tweye.
     
     Yet of his look, for feere almoost I deye!
     This caused me my gronyng, doutelees."
     "Avoy!" quod she, "Fly on yow hertelees!
     Allas," quod she, "for by that God above
     Now han ye lost myn herte and al my love!
     
     I kan nat love a coward, by my feith,
     For certes, what so any womman seith,
     We alle desiren, if it myght bee,
     To han housbondes hardy, wise, and free,
     And secree, and no nygard, ne no fool,
     
     Ne hym that is agast of every tool,
     Ne noon avauntour; by that God above,
     How dorste ye seyn for shame unto youre love
     That any thyng myghte make yow aferd?
     Have ye no mannes herte, and han a berd?
     
     Allas, and konne ye been agast of swevenys?
     No thyng, God woot, but vanitee in swevene is!
     Swevenes engendren of replecciouns,
     And ofte of fume and of complecciouns,
     Whan humours been to habundant in a wight.
     

     Certes, this dreem which ye han met tonyght
     Cometh of greet superfluytee
     Of youre rede colera, pardee,
     Which causeth folk to dreden in hir dremes
     Of arwes, and of fyre with rede lemes,
     
     Of grete beestes, that they wol hem byte,
     Of contekes, and of whelpes grete and lyte;
     Right as the humour of malencolie
     Causeth ful many a man in sleep to crie
     For feere of blake beres, or boles blake,
     
     Or elles blake develes wole hem take.
     Of othere humours koude I telle also
     That werken many a man in sleep ful wo,
     But I wol passe as lightly as I kan.
        Lo Catoun, which that was so wys a man,
     
     Seyde he nat thus, `ne do no fors of dremes`?
        Now sire," quod she, "whan ye flee fro the bemes,
     For goddes love as taak som laxatyf!
     Up peril of my soule, and of my lyf,
     I conseille yow the beste, I wol nat lye,
     
     That bothe of colere and of malencolye
     Ye purge yow; and for ye shal nat tarie,
     Though in this toun is noon apothecarie,
     I shal myself to herbes techen yow,
     That shul been for youre hele and for youre prow.
     
     And in oure yeerd tho herbes shal I fynde,
     The whiche han of hir propretee by kynde
     To purge yow bynethe and eek above.
     Foryet nat this, for Goddes owene love!
     Ye been ful coleryk of compleccioun;
     
     Ware the sonne in his ascencioun
     Ne fynde yow nat repleet of humours hoote.
     And if it do, I dar wel leye a grote
     That ye shul have a fevere terciane,
     Or an agu that may be youre bane.
     
     A day or two ye shul have digestyves
     Of wormes, er ye take youre laxatyves
     Of lawriol, centaure, and fumetere,
     Or elles of ellebor that groweth there,
     Of katapuce, or of gaitrys beryis,
     
     Of herbe yve, growyng in oure yeerd, ther mery is!
     Pekke hem up right as they growe, and ete hem yn!
     Be myrie, housbonde, for youre fader kyn,
     Dredeth no dreem, I kan sey yow namoore!"
        "Madame," quod he, "graunt mercy of youre loore,
     
     But nathelees, as touchyng Daun Catoun,
     That hath of wysdom swich a greet renoun,
     Though that he bad no dremes for to drede,
     By God, men may in olde bookes rede
     Of many a man moore of auctorite
     
     Than evere Caton was, so moot I thee,
     That al the revers seyn of this sentence,
     And han wel founden by experience
     That dremes been significaciouns
     As wel of joye as of tribulaciouns
     

     That folk enduren in this lif present.
     Ther nedeth make of this noon argument,
     The verray preeve sheweth it in dede.
     Oon of the gretteste auctours that men rede
     Seith thus, that whilom two felawes wente
     
     On pilgrimage in a ful good entente;
     And happed so, they coomen in a toun
     Wher as ther was swich congregacioun
     Of peple, and eek so streit of herbergage,
     That they ne founde as muche as o cotage
     
     In which they bothe myghte logged bee;
     Wherfore they mosten of necessitee
     As for that nyght departen compaignye,
     And ech of hem gooth to his hostelrye,
     And took his loggyng as it wolde falle.
     
     That oon of hem was logged in a stalle,
     Fer in a yeerd, with oxen of the plough;
     That oother man was logged wel ynough,
     As was his aventure or his fortune,
     That us governeth alle as in commune.
     
        And so bifel, that longe er it were day
     This man mette in his bed, ther as he lay,
     How that his felawe gan upon hym calle
     And seyde, `Allas, for in an oxes stalle
     This nyght I shal be mordred, ther I lye!
     
     Now help me, deere brother, or I dye;
     In alle haste com to me!" he sayde.
     This man out of his sleep for feere abrayde;
     But whan that he was wakened of his sleep,
     He turned hym and took of it no keep.
     
     Hym thoughte, his dreem nas but a vanitee.
     Thus twies in his slepyng dremed hee,
     And atte thridde tyme yet his felawe
     Cam, as hym thoughte, and seide, `I am now slawe,
     Bihoold my bloody woundes depe and wyde;
     
     Arys up erly in the morwe-tyde,
     And at the west gate of the toun,' quod he,
     `A carte ful of donge ther shaltow se,
     In which my body is hid ful prively.
     Do thilke carte arresten boldely;
     
     My gold caused my mordre, sooth to sayn.'-
     And tolde hym every point, how he was slayn,
     With a ful pitous face, pale of hewe;
     And truste wel, his dreem he foond ful trewe.
     For on the morwe, as soone as it was day,
     
     To his felawes in he took the way,
     And whan that he cam to this oxes stalle,
     After his felawe he bigan to calle.
     The hostiler answerde hym anon,
     And seyde, `Sire, your felawe is agon,
     
     As soone as day he wente out of the toun.'
     This man gan fallen in suspecioun,
     Remembrynge on hise dremes that he mette,
     And forth he gooth, no lenger wolde he lette,
     Unto the westgate of the toun; and fond
     

     A dong carte, as it were to donge lond,
     That was arrayed in that same wise,
     As ye han herd the dede man devyse.
     And with an hardy herte he gan to crye,
     `Vengeance and justice of this felonye;
     
     My felawe mordred is this same myght,
     And in this carte he lith gapyng upright.
     I crye out on the ministres,' quod he,
     `That sholden kepe and reulen this citee!
     Harrow! allas, heere lith my felawe slayn!'
     
     What sholde I moore unto this tale sayn?
     The peple out-sterte, and caste the cart to grounde,
     And in the myddel of the dong they founde
     The dede man, that mordred was al newe.
        O blisful God, that art so just and trewe!
     
     Lo, howe that thou biwreyest mordre alway!
     Mordre wol out, that se we, day by day.
     Mordre is so wlatsom and abhomynable
     To God that is so just and resonable,
     That he ne wol nat suffre it heled be,
     
     Though it abyde a yeer, or two, or thre.
     Mordre wol out, this my conclusioun.
     And right anon ministres of that toun
     Han hent the carter, and so soore hym pyned,
     And eek the hostiler so soore engyned
     
     That they biknewe hire wikkednesse anon,
     And were anhanged by the nekke bon.
     Heere may men seen, that dremes been to drede!
        And certes, in the same book I rede
     Right in the nexte chapitre after this-
     
     I gabbe nat, so have I joye or blis-
     Two men that wolde han passed over see
     For certeyn cause, into a fer contree,
     If that the wynd ne hadde been contrarie,
     That made hem in a citee for to tarie,
     
     That stood ful myrie upon an haven-syde-
     But on a day, agayn the even-tyde,
     The wynd gan chaunge, and blew right as hem leste.
     Jolif and glad they wente unto hir reste,
     And casten hem ful erly for to saille,
     
     But herkneth, to that o man fil a greet mervaille;
     That oon of hem, in slepyng as he lay,
     Hym mette a wonder dreem agayn the day.
     Hym thoughte a man stood by his beddes syde,
     And hym comanded that he sholde abyde,
     
     And seyde hym thus, `If thou tomorwe wende
     Thow shalt be dreynt; my tale is at an ende.'
     He wook, and tolde his felawe what he mette,
     And preyde hym his viage for to lette,
     As for that day, he preyede hym to byde.
     
     His felawe, that lay by his beddes syde,
     Gan for to laughe and scorned him ful faste.
     `No dreem,' quod he, `may so myn herte agaste
     That I wol lette for to do my thynges.
     I sette nat a straw by thy dremynges,
     

     For swevenes been but vanytees and japes.
     Men dreme al day of owles or of apes,
     And of many a maze therwithal.
     Men dreme of thyng that nevere was, ne shal;
     But sith I see that thou wolt heere abyde
     
     And thus forslewthen wilfully thy tyde,
     God woot it reweth me, and have good day.'
     And thus he took his leve and wente his way;
     But er that he hadde half his cours yseyled,
     Noot I nat why, ne what myschaunce it eyled,
     
     But casuelly the shippes botme rente,
     And ship and men under the water wente
     In sighte of othere shippes it bisyde,
     That with hem seyled at the same tyde.
     And therfore, faire Pertelote so deere,
     
     By swiche ensamples olde yet maistow leere,
     That no man sholde been to recchelees
     Of dremes, for I seye thee doutelees
     That many a dreem ful soore is for to drede.
        Lo, in the lyf of Seint Kenelm I rede,
     
     That was Kenulphus sone, the noble kyng,
     Of Mercenrike how Kenelm mette a thyng.
     A lite er he was mordred, on a day
     His mordre in his avysioun he say.
     His norice hym expowned every deel
     
     His swevene, and bad hym for to kepe hym weel
     For traisoun, but he nas but seven yeer oold,
     And therfore litel tale hath he toold
     Of any dreem, so hooly is his herte.
     By God, I hadde levere than my sherte
     
     That ye hadde rad his legende, as have I.
     Dame Pertelote, I sey yow trewely,
     Macrobeus, that writ the avisioun
     In Affrike of the worhty Cipioun,
     Affermeth dremes, and seith that they been
     
     Warnynge of thynges, that men after seen.
     And forther-moore I pray yow looketh wel
     In the olde testament of Daniel,
     If he heeld dremes any vanitee!
     Reed eek of Joseph, and ther shul ye see
     
     Wher dremes be somtyme, I sey nat alle,
     Warnynge of thynges that shul after falle.
     Looke of Egipte the kyng, daun Pharao,
     His baker and his butiller also,
     Wher they ne felte noon effect in dremes!
     
     Whoso wol seken actes of sondry remes
     May rede of dremes many a wonder thyng.
     Lo Cresus, which that was of Lyde kyng,
     Mette he nat that he sat upon a tree,
     Which signified, he sholde anhanged bee?
     
     Lo her Adromacha, Ectores wyf,
     That day that Ector sholde lese his lyf
     She dremed on the same nyght biforn
     How that the lyf of Ector sholde be lorn,
     If thilke day he wente into bataille.
     

     She warned hym, but it myghte nat availle;
     He wente for to fighte natheles,
     But he was slayn anon of Achilles.
     But thilke is al to longe for to telle,
     And eek it is ny day, I may nat dwelle.
     
     Shortly I seye, as for conclusioun,
     That I shal han of this avisioun
     Adversitee, and I seye forthermoor
     That I ne telle of laxatyves no stoor,
     For they been venymes, I woot it weel,
     
     I hem diffye, I love hem never a deel.
        Now let us speke of myrthe, and stynte al this;
     Madame Pertelote, so have I blis,
     Of o thyng God hath sent me large grace,
     For whan I se the beautee of youre face,
     
     Ye been so scarlet reed aboute youre eyen,
     It maketh al my drede for to dyen.
     For, al so siker as In principio
     Mulier est hominis confusio,-
     Madame, the sentence of this Latyn is,
     
     `Womman is mannes joye and al his blis.'
     For whan I felle a-nyght your softe syde,
     Al be it that I may nat on yow ryde,
     For that oure perche is maad so narwe, allas!
     I am so ful of joye and of solas,
     
     That I diffye bothe swevene and dreem."
     And with that word he fly doun fro the beem,
     For it was day, and eke hise hennes alle;
     And with a chuk he gan hem for to calle,
     For he hadde founde a corn lay in the yerd.
     
     Real he was, he was namoore aferd;
     And fethered Pertelote twenty tyme,
     And trad as ofte, er that it was pryme.
     He looketh as it were a grym leoun,
     And on hise toos he rometh up and doun,
     
     Hym deigned nat to sette his foot to grounde.
     He chukketh whan he hath a corn yfounde,
     And to hym rennen thanne hise wyves alle.
     Thus roial as a prince is in an halle,
     Leve I this Chauntecleer in his pasture,
     
     And after wol I telle his aventure.
        Whan that the monthe in which the world bigan
     That highte March, whan God first maked man,
     Was compleet, and passed were also
     Syn March bigan, thritty dayes and two,
     
     Bifel that Chauntecleer in al his pryde,
     Hise sevene wyves walkynge by his syde,
     Caste up hise eyen to the brighte sonne,
     That in the signe of Taurus hadde yronne
     Twenty degrees and oon, and somwhat moore;
     
     And knew by kynde, and by noon oother loore,
     That it was pryme, and crew with blisful stevene.
     "The sonne," he seyde, "is clomben upon hevene
     Fourty degrees and oon, and moore, ywis.
     Madame Pertelote, my worldes blis,
     

     Herkneth thise blisful briddes how they synge,
     And se the fresshe floures how they sprynge.
     Ful is myn herte of revel and solas."
     But sodeynly hym fil a sorweful cas,
     For evere the latter ende of joye is wo.
     
     God woot that worldly joye is soone ago,
     And if a rethor koude faire endite,
     He in a cronycle saufly myghte it write,
     As for a sovereyn notabilitee.
     Now every wys man, lat him herkne me:
     
     This storie is al so trewe, I undertake,
     As is the book of Launcelot de Lake,
     That wommen holde in ful greet reverence.
     Now wol I come agayn to my sentence.
        A colfox, ful of sly iniquitee,
     
     That in the grove hadde wonned yeres three,
     By heigh ymaginacioun forn-cast,
     The same nyght thurghout the hegges brast
     Into the yerd, ther Chauntecleer the faire
     Was wont, and eek hise wyves, to repaire;
     
     And in a bed of wortes stille he lay,
     Til it was passed undren of the day,
     Waitynge his tyme on Chauntecleer to falle,
     As gladly doon thise homycides alle
     That in await liggen to mordre men.
     
     O false mordrour, lurkynge in thy den!
     O newe Scariot! newe Genyloun!
     False dissymulour, O Greek synoun
     That broghtest Troye al outrely to sorwe!
     O Chauntecleer, acursed be that morwe
     
     That thou into that yerd flaugh fro the bemes!
     Thou were ful wel ywarned by thy dremes
     That thilke day was perilous to thee;
     But what that God forwoot moot nedes bee,
     After the opinioun of certein clerkis.
     
     Witnesse on hym, that any parfit clerk is,
     That in scole is greet altercacioun
     In this mateere, and greet disputisoun,
     And hath been of an hundred thousand men;-
     But I ne kan nat bulte it to the bren
     
     As kan the hooly doctour Augustyn,
     Or Boece or the Bisshop Bradwardyn,-
     Wheither that Goddes worthy forwityng
     Streyneth me nedefully to doon a thyng,
     (Nedely clepe I symple necessitee)
     
     Or elles, if free choys be graunted me
     To do that same thyng, or do it noght,
     Though God forwoot it, er that it was wroght;
     Or if his wityng streyneth never a deel
     But by necessitee condicioneel,-
     
     I wel nat han to do of swich mateere;
     My tale is of a Cok, as ye may heere,
     That took his conseil of his wyf, with sorwe,
     To walken in the yerd, upon that morwe
     That he hadde met that dreem, that I of tolde.
     

     Wommennes conseils been ful ofte colde;
     Wommannes conseil broghte us first to wo,
     And made Adam fro Paradys to go,
     Ther as he was ful myrie, and wel at ese.
     But for I noot to whom it myght displese,
     
     If I conseil of wommen wolde blame,
     Passe over, for I seye it in my game.
     Rede auctours, wher they trete of swich mateere,
     And what they seyn of wommen ye may heere.
     Thise been the cokkes wordes, and nat myne,
     
     I kan noon harm of no womman divyne.
        Faire in the soond, to bathe hire myrily,
     Lith Pertelote, and alle hir sustres by,
     Agayn the sonne; and Chauntecleer so free
     Soony murier than the mermayde in the see-
     
     For Phisiologus seith sikerly
     How that they syngen wel and myrily.
     And so bifel, that as he cast his eye
     Among the wortes on a boterflye,
     He was war of this fox that lay ful lowe.
     
     Nothyng ne liste hym thanne for to crowe,
     But cride anon, "cok! cok!" and up he sterte,
     As man that was affrayed in his herte.
     For natureelly a beest desireth flee
     Fro his contrarie, if he may it see,
     
     Though he never erst hadde seyn it with his eye.
     This Chauntecleer, whan he gan hym espye,
     He wolde han fled, but that the fox anon
     Seyde, "Gentil sire, allas, wher wol ye gon?
     Be ye affrayed of me that am youre freend?
     
     Now certes, I were worse than a feend
     If I to yow wolde harm or vileynye.
     I am nat come your conseil for tespye,
     But trewely, the cause of my comynge
     Was oonly for to herkne how that ye synge.
     
     For trewely, ye have as myrie a stevene
     As any aungel hath that is in hevene.
     Therwith ye han in musyk moore feelynge
     Than hadde Boece, or any that kan synge.
     My lord youre fader-God his soule blesse!-
     
     And eek youre mooder, of hir gentillesse
     Han in myn hous ybeen, to my greet ese;
     And certes, sire, ful fayn wolde I yow plese.
     But for men speke of syngyng, I wol seye,
     So moote I brouke wel myne eyen tweye,
     
     Save yow I herde nevere man yet synge
     As dide youre fader in the morwenynge.
     Certes, it was of herte al that he song!
     And for to make his voys the moore strong,
     He wolde so peyne hym, that with bothe hise eyen
     
     He moste wynke, so loude he solde cryen,
     And stonden on his tiptoon therwithal,
     And strecche forth his nekke long and smal.
     And eek he was of swich discrecioun,
     That ther nas no man in no regioun,
     

     That hym in song or wisedom myghte passe.
     I have wel rad in daun Burnel the Asse
     Among hise vers, how that ther was a cok,
     For that a presstes sone yaf hym a knok,
     Upon his leg, whil he was yong and nyce,
     
     He made hym for to lese his benefice.
     But certeyn, ther nys no comparisoun
     Bitwixe the wisedom and discrecioun
     Of youre fader, and of his subtiltee.
     Now syngeth, sire, for seinte charitee,
     
     Lat se konne ye youre fader countrefete!"
     This Chauntecleer hise wynges gan to bete,
     As man that koude his traysoun nat espie,
     So was he ravysshed with his flaterie.
        Allas, ye lordes! many a fals flatour
     
     Is in youre courtes, and many a losengeour,
     That plesen yow wel moore, by my feith,
     Than he that soothfastnesse unto yow seith.
     Redeth Ecclesiaste of Flaterye;
     Beth war, ye lordes, of hir trecherye.
     
     This Chauntecleer stood hye upon his toos,
     Strecchynge his nekke, and heeld hise eyen cloos,
     And gan to crowe loude for the nones,
     And daun Russell the fox stirte up atones,
     And by the gargat hente Chauntecleer,
     
     And on his bak toward the wode hym beer,
     For yet ne was ther no man that hym sewed.
        O destinee, that mayst nat been eschewed!
     Allas, that Chauntecleer fleigh fro the bemes!
     Allas, his wyf ne roghte nat of dremes!
     
     And on a Friday fil al this meschaunce.
     O Venus, that art goddesse of plesaunce!
     Syn that thy servant was this Chauntecleer,
     And in thy servyce dide al his poweer,
     Moore for delit, than world to multiplye,
     
     Why woltestow suffre hym on thy day to dye?
     O Gaufred, deere Maister soverayn!
     That whan thy worthy kyng Richard was slayn
     With shot, compleynedest his deeth so soore,
     Why ne hadde I now thy sentence and thy loore,
     
     The Friday for to chide, as diden ye?-
     For on a Friday soothyl slayn was he.
     Thanne wolde I shewe yow, how that I koude pleyne
     For Chauntecleres drede and for his peyne.
     Certes, swich cry ne lamentacioun
     
     Was nevere of ladyes maad, whan Ylioun
     Was wonne, and Pirrus with his streite swerd,
     Whan he hadde hent kyng Priam by the berd,
     And slayn hym, as seith us Eneydos,
     As maden alle the hennes in the clos,
     
     Whan they had seyn of Chauntecleer the sighte.
     But sovereynly dame Pertelote shrighte
     Ful louder than dide Hasdrubales wyf,
     Whan that hir housbonde hadde lost his lyf,
     And that the Romayns hadde brend Cartage;
     

     She was so ful of torment and of rage
     That wilfully into the fyr she sterte,
     And brende hirselven with a stedefast herte.
     O woful hennes, right so criden ye,
     As whan that Nero brende the Citee
     
     Of Rome, cryden senatoures wyves,
     For that hir husbondes losten alle hir lyves,
     Withouten gilt this Nero hath hem slayn.
     Now I wole turne to my tale agayn.
        This sely wydwe, and eek hir doghtres two,
     
     Herden thise hennes crie, and maken wo,
     And out at dores stirten they anon,
     And seyn the fox toward the grove gon,
     And bar upon his bak the cok away;
     And cryden, "Out! harrow! and weylaway!
     
     Ha! ha! the fox!" and after hym they ran,
     And eek with staves many another man,
     Ran Colle, oure dogge, and Talbot, and Gerland,
     And Malkyn with a dystaf in hir hand,
     Ran cow and calf, and eek the verray hogges,
     
     So were they fered for berkying of the dogges,
     And shoutyng of the men and wommen eek,
     They ronne so, hem thoughte hir herte breek;
     They yolleden as feends doon in helle,
     The dokes cryden as men wolde hem quelle,
     
     The gees for feere flowen over the trees,
     Out of the hyve cam the swarm of bees,
     So hydous was the noyse, a! benedicitee!
     Certes, he Jakke Straw and his meynee
     Ne made nevere shoutes half so shille,
     
     Whan that they wolden any Flemyng kille,
     As thilke day was maad upon the fox.
     Of bras they broghten bemes and of box,
     Of horn, of boon, in whiche they blewe and powped,
     And therwithal they skriked and they howped,
     
     It seemed as that hevene sholde falle!
     Now, goode men, I pray yow, herkneth alle.
        Lo, how Fortune turneth sodeynly
     The hope and pryde eek of hir enemy!
     This cok, that lay upon the foxes bak,
     
     In al his drede unto the fox he spak,
     And seyde, "Sire, if that I were as ye,
     Yet wolde I seyn, as wys God helpe me,
     `Turneth agayn, ye proude cherles alle,
     A verray pestilence upon yow falle!
     
     Now am I come unto the wodes syde,
     Maugree youre heed, the cok shal heere abyde,
     I wol hym ete, in feith, and that anon,'"
     The fox answerde, "In feith, it shal be don."
     And as he spak that word, al sodeynly
     
     This cok brak from his mouth delyverly,
     And heighe upon a tree he fleigh anon.
        And whan the fox saugh that he was gon,
     "Allas!" quod he, "O Chauntecleer, allas!
     I have to yow," quod he, "ydoon trespas,
     

     In as muche as I maked yow aferd,
     Whan I yow hente and broght into this yerd.
     But, sire, I dide it of no wikke entente,
     Com doun, and I shal telle yow what I mente;
     I shal seye sooth to yow, God help me so."
     
     "Nay, thanne," quod he, "I shrewe us bothe two,
     And first I shrewe myself bothe blood and bones,
     If thou bigyle me ofter than ones.
     Thou shalt namoore, thurgh thy flaterye,
     Do me to synge and wynke with myn eye;
     
     
     For he that wynketh whan he sholde see,
     Al wilfully, God lat him nevere thee."
     "Nay," quod the fox, "but God yeve hym meschaunce,
     That is so undiscreet of governaunce,
     That jangleth, whan he sholde holde his pees."
     
        Lo, swich it si for to be recchelees,
     And necligent, and truste on flaterye!
     But ye that holden this tale a folye,
     As of a fox, or of a cok and hen,
     Taketh the moralite, goode men;
     
     For seint Paul seith, that al that writen is,
     To oure doctrine it is ywrite, ywis.
     Taketh the fruyt, and lat the chaf be stille.
     Now goode God, if that it be thy wille,
     As seith my lord, so make us alle goode men,
     And brynge us to his heighe blisse.  Amen.
     
     Heere is ended the Nonnes Preestes tale.
     Part 16
     
     GROUP C.
     
     THE PHISICIENS TALE
     
     Heere folweth the Phisiciens tale.
     
        Ther was, as telleth Titus Livius,
     A knyght that called was Virginius,
     Fulfild of honour and of worthynesse,
     And strong of freendes, and of greet richesse.
     This knyght a doghter hadde by his wyf,
     
     No children hadde he mo in al his lyf.
     Fair was this mayde in excellent beautee
     Aboven every wight that man may see.
     For Nature hath with sovereyn diligence
     Yformed hir in so greet excellence,
     
     As though she wolde seyn, "Lo, I, Nature,
     Thus kan I forme and peynte a creature
     Whan that me list; who kan me countrefete?
     Pigmalion noght, though he ay forge and bete,
     Or grave, or peynte, for I dar wel seyn
     
     Apelles, Zanzis sholde werche in veyn
     Outher to grave or peynte, or forge, or bete,
     If they presumed me to countrefete.
     For He that is the former principal
     Hath maked me his vicaire general
     
     To forme and peynten erthely creaturis
     Right as me list, and ech thyng in my cure is
     Under the Moone, that may wane and waxe,
     And for my werk right nothyng wol I axe.
     My lord and I been ful of oon accord;
     
     I made hir to the worship of my lord,
     So do I alle myne othere creatures,
     What colour that they han, or what figures."
     Thus semeth me that Nature wolde seye.
        This mayde of age twelf yeer was and tweye,
     
     Is which that Nature hadde swich delit.
     For right as she kan peynte a lilie whit,
     And reed a rose, right with swich peynture
     She peynted hath this noble creature,
     Er she were born, upon hir lymes fre,
     
     Where as by right swiche colours sholde be.
     And Phebus dyed hath hir treses grete,
     Lyk to the stremes of his burned heete;
     And if that excellent was hir beautee,
     A thousand foold moore vertuous was she.
     
     In hire ne lakked no condicioun
     That is to preyse, as by discrecioun;
     As wel in goost as body chast was she,
     For which she floured in virginitee
     With alle humylitee and abstinence,
     
     With alle attemperaunce and pacience,
     With mesure eek of beryng and array.
     Discreet she was in answeryng alway,
     Though she were wise Pallas, dar I seyn,
     Hir facound eek ful wommanly and pleyn,
     
     No countrefeted termes hadde she
     To seme wys, but after hir degree
     She spak, and alle hir wordes, moore and lesse,
     Sownynge in vertu and in gentillesse.
     Shamefast she was in maydens shamefastnesse,
     
     Constant in herte, and evere in bisynesse
     To dryve hir out of ydel slogardye.
     Bacus hadde of hire mouth right no maistrie;
     For wyn and youthe dooth Venus encresse,
     As man in fyr wol casten oille or greesse.
     
     And of hir owene vertu unconstreyned,
     She hath ful ofte tyme syk hir feyned,
     For that she wolde fleen the compaignye
     Wher likly was to treten of folye,
     As is at feestes, revels, and at daunces
     
     That been occasions of daliaunces.
     Swich thynges maken children for to be
     To soone rype and boold, as men may se,
     Which is ful perilous, and hath been yoore;
     For al to soone may they lerne loore
     
     Of booldnesse, whan she woxen is a wyf.
        And ye maistresses, in youre olde lyf,
     That lordes doghtres han in governaunce,
     Ne taketh of my wordes no displesaunce;
     Thenketh that ye been set in governynges
     
     Of lordes doghtres, oonly for two thynges;
     Outher for ye han kept youre honestee,
     Or elles ye han falle in freletee,
     And knowen wel ynough the olde daunce,
     And han forsaken fully swich meschaunce
     
     For everemo; therfore for Cristes sake,
     To teche hem vertu looke that ye ne slake.
     A theef of venysoun, that hath forlaft
     His likerousnesse, and al his olde craft,
     Kan kepe a forest best of any man.
     
     Now kepeth wel, for if ye wole, ye kan.
     Looke wel that ye unto no vice assente,
     Lest ye be dampned for your wikke entente.
     For who so dooth, a traitour is, certeyn;
     And taketh kepe of that that I shal seyn,
     
     Of alle tresons, sovereyn pestilence
     Is whan a wight bitrayseth innocence.
     Ye fadres and ye moodres, eek also,
     Though ye han children, be it oon or two,
     Youre is the charge of al hir surveiaunce
     
     Whil that they been under youre governaunce.
     Beth war, if by ensample of youre lyvynge,
     Or by youre necligence in chastisynge,
     That they perisse, for I dar wel seye,
     If that they doon ye shul it deere abeye;
     
     Under a shepherde softe and necligent
     The wolf hath many a sheep and lamb to-rent.
     Suffyseth oon ensample now as here,
     For I moot turne agayn to my mateere.
        This mayde, of which I wol this tale expresse,
     
     So kepte hirself, hir neded no maistresse.
     For in hir lyvyng maydens myghten rede,
     As in a book, every good word or dede
     That longeth to a mayden vertuous,
     She was so prudent and so bountevous.
     
     For which the fame out-sprong on every syde
     Bothe of hir beautee and hir bountee wyde,
     That thurgh that land they preised hire echone
     That loved vertu; save encye allone,
     That sory is of oother mennes wele,
     
     And glad is of his sorwe and his unheele-
     The doctour maketh this descripcioun.
        This mayde upon a day wente in the toun
     Toward a temple, with hir mooder deere,
     As is of yonge maydens the namere.
     
     Now was ther thanne a justice in that toun,
     That governour was of that regioun,
     
     And so bifel this juge hise eyen caste
     Upon this mayde, avysynge hym ful faste
     As she cam forby, ther as this juge stood.
     
     Anon his herte chaunged and his mood,
     So was he caught with beautee of this mayde,
     And to hymself ful pryvely he sayde,
     "This mayde shal be myn, for any man."
     Anon the feend into his herte ran,
     
     And taughte hym sodeynly, that he by slyghte
     The mayden to his purpos wynne myghte.
     For certes, by no force, ne by no meede,
     Hym thoughte he was nat able for to speede;
     For she was strong of freends, and eek she
     
     Confermed was in swich soverayn bountee,
     That wel he wiste he myghte hir nevere wynne,
     As for to maken hir with hir body synne.
     For which, by greet deliberacioun,
     He sente after a cherl, was in the toun,
     
     Which that he knew for subtil and for boold.
     This Juge unto this cherl his tale hath toold
     In secree wise, and made hym to ensure
     He sholde telle it to no creature,
     And if he dide, he sholde lese his heed.
     
     Whan that assented was this cursed reed,
     Glad was this juge, and maked him greet cheere,
     And yaf hym yiftes preciouse and deere.
        Whan shapen was al hir conspiracie
     Fro point to point, how that his lecherie
     
     Parfourned sholde been ful subtilly,
     (As ye shul heere it after openly)
     Hoom gooth the cherl, that highte Claudius.
     This false juge, that highte Apius,
     So was his name-for this is no fable,
     
     But knowen for historial thyng notable;
     The sentence of it sooth is out of doute-
     This false juge gooth now faste aboute
     To hasten his delit al that he may.
     And so bifel soone after on a day,
     
     This false juge, as telleth us the storie,
     As he was wont, sat in his consistorie,
     And yaf his doomes upon sondry cas.
     This false cherl cam forth a ful greet pas
     And seyde, "Lord, if that it be youre wille,
     
     As dooth me right upon this pitous bille
     In which I pleyne upon Virginius;
     And if that he wol seyn it is nat thus,
     I wol it preeve, and fynde good witnesse
     That sooth is, that my bille wol expresse."
     
     The juge answerde, "Of this in his absence,
     I may nat yeve diffynytyve sentence.
     Lat do hym calle, and I wol gladly heere.
     Thou shalt have al right and no wrong heere."
     Virginius cam to wite the juges wille,
     
     And right anon was rad this cursed bille.
     The sentence of it was, as ye shul heere:
     "To yow, my lord, Sire Apius so deere,
     Sheweth youre povre servant Claudius,
     How that a knyght called Virginius
     
     Agayns the lawe, agayn al equitee,
     Holdeth expres agayn the wyl of me
     My servant, which that is my thral by right,
     Which fro myn hous was stole upon a nyght,
     Whil that she was ful yong; this wol I preeve
     
     By witnesse, lord, so that it nat yow greeve.
     She nys his doghter, nat what so he seye.
     Wherfore to yow, my lord the Juge, I preye
     Yeld me my thral, if that it be youre wille."
     Lo, this was al the sentence of his bille.
     
     Virginius gan upon the cherl biholde,
     But hastily, er he his tale tolde,
     And wolde have preeved it as sholde a knyght,
     And eek by witnessyng of many a wight,
     That it was fals, that seyde his adversarie,
     
     This cursed juge wolde no thyng tarie,
     Ne heere a word moore of Virginius,
     But yaf his juggement and seyde thus:
     "I deeme anon this cherl his servant have,
     Thou shalt no lenger in thyn hous hir save.
     
     Go, bryng hir forth, and put hir in our warde.
     The cherl shal have his thral, this I awarde."
     And whan this worthy knyght Virginius,
     Thurgh sentence of this justice Apius,
     Moste by force his deere doghter yeven
     
     Unto the juge in lecherie to lyven,
     He gooth hym hoom, and sette him in his halle,
     And leet anon his deere doghter calle,
     And with a face deed as asshen colde,
     Upon hir humble face he gan biholde
     
     With fadres pitee stikynge thurgh his herte,
     Al wolde he from his purpos nat converte.
        "Doghter," quod he, "Virginia, by thy name,
     Ther been two weyes, outher deeth or shame
     That thou most suffre, allas, that I was bore!
     
     For nevere thou deservedest wherfore
     To dyen with a swerd, or with a knyf.
     O deere doghter, ender of my lyf,
     Which I have fostred up with swich plesaunce,
     That thou were nevere out of my remembraunce.
     
     O doghter, which that art my laste wo,
     And in my lyf my laste joye also,
     O gemme of chastitee, in pacience
     Take thou thy deeth, for this is my sentence,
     For love and nat for hate, thou most be deed;
     
     My pitous hand moot smyten of thyn heed.
     Allas, that evere Apius the say!
     Thus hath he falsly jugged the to day."
     And tolde hir al the cas, as ye bifore
     Han herd, nat nedeth for to telle it moore.
     
     "O mercy, deere fader," quod this mayde,
     And with that word she bothe hir armes layde
     About his nekke, as she was wont to do.
     The teeris bruste out of hir eyen two,
     And seyde, "Goode fader, shal I dye?
     
     Is ther no grace? is ther no remedye?"
     "No certes, deere doghter myn," quod he.
     "Thanne yif me leyser, fader myn," quod she,
     "My deeth for to compleyne a litel space,
     For, pardee, Jepte yaf his doghter grace
     
     For to compleyne, er he hir slow, allas!
     And God it woot, no thyng was hir trespas
     But for she ran hir fader for to see
     To welcome hym with greet solempnitee."
     And with that word she fil aswowne anon;
     
     And after whan hir swownyng is agon
     She riseth up and to hir fader sayde,
     "Blissed be God that I shal dye a mayde;
     Yif me my deeth, er that I have a shame.
     Dooth with youre child youre wyl, a Goddes name."
     
     And with that word she preyed hym ful ofte
     That with his swerd he wolde smyte softe,
     And with that word aswowne doun she fil.
        Hir fader with ful sorweful herte and wil
     Hir heed of smoot, and by the top it hente,
     
     And to the juge he gan it to presente
     As he sat yet in doom, in consistorie.
     And whan the juge it saugh, as seith the storie,
     He bad to take hym and anhange hym faste.
     But right anon a thousand peple in thraste
     
     To save the knyght for routhe and for pitee;
     For knowen was the false iniquitee.
     The peple anon hath suspect of this thyng,
     By manere of the cherles chalangyng,
     That it was by the assent of Apius-
     
     They wisten wel that he was lecherus;
     For which unto this Apius they gon
     And caste hym in a prisoun right anon,
     Ther as he slow hymself, and Claudius
     That servant was unto this Apius,
     
     Was demed for to hange upon a tree,
     But that Virginius, of his pitee,
     So preyde for hym, that he was exiled;
     And elles, certes, he had been bigyled.
     The remenant were anhanged, moore and lesse,
     
     That were consentant of this cursednesse.
        Heere men may seen, how synne hath his merite.
     Beth war, for no man woot whom God wol smyte
     In no degree, ne in which manere wyse
     The worm of conscience may agryse
     
     Of wikked lyf, though it so pryvee be
     That no man woot therof but God and he.
     For be he lewed man, or ellis lered,
     He noot how soone that he shal been afered.
     Therfore I rede yow this conseil take,
     Forsaketh synne, er synne yow forsake.
     
     Heere endeth the Phisiciens tale.
     Part 17
     
     EPILOGUE
     
     The wordes of the Hoost to the Phisicien and the Pardoner.
     
        Oure Hooste gan to swere as he were wood;
     "Harrow!" quod he, "by nayles and by blood!
     This was a fals cherl and a fals justice!
     As shameful deeth as herte may devyse
     Come to thise juges and hire advocatz!
     
     Algate this sely mayde is slayn, allas!
     Allas! to deere boughte she beautee!
     Wherfore I seye al day, as men may see
     That yiftes of Fortune and of Nature
     Been cause of deeth to many a creature.
     
     (Hir beautee was hir deeth, I dar wel sayn;
     Allas, so pitously as she was slayn!)
     Of bothe yiftes that I speke of now
     Men han ful ofte moore harm than prow.
     But trewely, myn owene maister deere,
     
     This is a pitous tale for to heere.
     But nathelees, passe over is no fors;
     I pray to God so save thy gentil cors,
     And eek thyne urynals and thy jurdanes,
     Thyn ypocras and eek thy Galianes
     
     And every boyste ful of thy letuarie,
     God blesse hem, and oure lady Seinte Marie!
     So moot I theen, thou art a propre man,
     And lyk a prelat, by Seint Ronyan.
     Seyde I nat wel?  I kan nat speke in terme;
     
     But wel I woot thou doost myn herte to erme,
     That I almoost have caught a cardyacle.
     By corpus bones, but I have triacle,
     Or elles a draughte of moyste and corny ale,
     Or but I heere anon a myrie tale,
     
     Myn herte is lost, for pitee of this mayde!
     Thou beelamy, thou Pardoner," he sayde,
     "Telle us som myrthe or japes right anon."
     "It shal be doon," quod he, "by Seint Ronyon;
     But first," quod he, "heere at this ale-stake,
     
     I wol bothe drynke and eten of a cake."
     And right anon the gentils gonne to crye,
     "Nay, lat hym telle us of no ribaudye!
     Telle us som moral thyng that we may leere
     Som wit, and thanne wol we gladly heere!"
     
     "I graunte, ywis," quod he, "but I moot thynke
     Upon som honeste thyng, while that I drynke."
     
     THE PARDONERS PROLOGUE
     
     Heere folweth the Prologe of the Pardoners tale.
     
     Radix malorum est Cupiditas Ad Thimotheum 
     
        Lordynges-quod he-in chirches whan I preche,
     I peyne me to han an hauteyn speche,
     And rynge it out as round as gooth a belle,
     For I kan al by rote that I telle.
     My theme is alwey oon and evere was,
     
     "Radix malorum est Cupiditas."
        First I pronounce whennes that I come,
     And thanne my bulles shewe I, alle and some;
     Oure lige lordes seel on my patente,
     That shewe I first, my body to warente,
     
     That no man be so boold, ne preest ne clerk,
     Me to destourbe of Cristes hooly werk.
     And after that thanne telle I forth my tales,
     Bulles of popes and of cardynales,
     Of patriarkes and bishopes I shewe,
     
     And in Latyn I speke a wordes fewe,
     To saffron with my predicacioun,
     And for to stire hem to devocioun.
     Thanne shewe I forth my longe cristal stones,
     Yerammed ful of cloutes and of bones;
     
     Relikes been they, as wenen they echoon.
     Thanne have I in latoun a sholder-boon
     Which that was of an hooly Jewes sheepe.
     "Goode men," I seye, "taak of my wordes keepe:
     If that this boon be wasshe in any welle,
     
     If cow, or calf, or sheep, or oxe swelle,
     That any worm hath ete, or worm ystonge,
     Taak water of that welle, and wassh his tonge,
     And it is hool anon; and forthermoor,
     Of pokkes and of scabbe and every soor
     
     Shal every sheepe be hool that of this welle
     Drynketh a draughte; taak kepe eek what I telle,
     If that the goode man that the beestes oweth,
     Wol every wyke, er that the cok hym croweth,
     Fastynge, drinken of this welle a draughte,
     
     As thilke hooly Jew oure eldres taughte,
     Hise beestes and his stoor shal multiplie.
     And, sire, also it heeleth jalousie;
     For though a man be falle in jalous rage,
     Lat maken with this water his potage,
     
     And nevere shal he moore his wyf mystriste,
     Though he the soothe of hir defaute wiste,
     Al had she taken preestes two or thre.
     Heere is a miteyn, eek, that ye may se:
     He that his hand wol putte in this mitayn,
     
     He shal have multipliyng of his grayn
     What he hath sowen, be it whete or otes,
     So that he offre pens, or elles grotes.
     Goode men and wommen, o thyng warne I yow,
     If any wight be in this chirche now,
     
     That hath doon synne horrible, that he
     Dar nat for shame of it yshryven be,
     Or any womman, be she yong or old,
     That hath ymaad hir housbonde cokewold,
     Swich folk shal have no power ne no grace
     
     To offren to my relikes in this place.
     And who so fyndeth hym out of swich fame,
     He wol come up and offre, on Goddes name,
     And I assoille him, by the auctoritee
     Which that by tulle ygraunted was to me."
     
        By this gaude have I wonne, yeer by yeer,
     An hundred mark, sith I was pardoner.
     I stonde lyk a clerk in my pulpet,
     And whan the lewed peple is doun yset,
     I preche so, as ye han heerd bifoore,
     
     And telle an hundred false japes moore.
     Thanne peyne I me to strecche forth the nekke,
     And est and west upon the peple I bekke,
     As dooth a dowve sittynge on a berne.
     Myne handes adn my tonge goon so yerne
     
     That it is joye to se my bisynesse.
     Of avarice and of swich cursednesse
     Is al my prechyng, for to make hem free
     To yeven hir pens; and namely, unto me!
     For myn entente is nat but for to wynne,
     
     And no thyng for correccioun of synne.
     I rekke nevere, whan that they been beryed,
     Though that hir soules goon a blakeberyed,
     For certes, many a predicacioun
     Comth ofte tyme of yvel entencioun.
     
     Som for plesance of folk, and flaterye,
     To been avaunced by ypocrisye,
     And som for veyne glorie, and som for hate.
     For whan I dar noon oother weyes debate,
     Thanne wol I stynge hym with my tonge smerte
     
     In prechyng, so that he shal nat astert
     To been defamed falsly, if that he
     Hath trespased to my bretheren, or to me.
     For though I telle noght his propre name,
     Men shal wel knowe that it is the same
     
     By signes, and by othere circumstances.
     Thus quyte I folk that doon us displesances,
     Thus spitte I out my venym, under hewe
     Of hoolynesse, to semen hooly and trewe.
        But shortly, myn entente I wol devyse;
     
     I preche of no thyng but for coveityse.
     Therfore my theme is yet, and evere was,
     "Radix malorum est Cupiditas."
     Thus kan I preche agayn that same vice
     Which that I use, and that is avarice.
     
     But though myself be gilty in that synne,
     Yet kan I maken oother folk to twynne
     From avarice, and soore to repente;
     But that is nat my principal entente.
     I preche no thyng but for coveitise;
     
     Of this mateere it oghte ynogh suffise.
     Thanne telle I hem ensamples many oon
     Of olde stories longe tyme agoon,
     For lewed peple loven tales olde;
     Swiche thynges kan they wel reporte and holde.
     
     What? trowe ye, the whiles I may preche,
     And wynne gold and silver for I teche,
     That I wol lyve in poverte wilfully?
     Nay, nay, I thoghte it nevere, trewely.
     For I wol preche and begge in sondry landes,
     
     I wol nat do no labour with myne handes,
     Ne make baskettes, and lyve therby,
     By cause I wol nat beggen ydelly.
     I wol noon of the apostles countrefete,
     I wol have moneie, wolle, chese, and whete,
     
     Al were it yeven of the povereste page,
     Or of the povereste wydwe in a village,
     Al sholde hir children sterve for famyne.
     Nay, I wol drynke licour of the vyne,
     And have a joly wenche in every toun.
     
     But herkneth, lordynges, in conclusioun:
     Your likyng is, that I shal telle a tale.
     Now have I dronke a draughte of corny ale,
     By God, I hope I shal yow telle a thyng
     That shal by resoun been at youre likyng.
     
     For though myself be a ful vicious man,
     A moral tale yet I you telle kan,
     Which I am wont to preche, for to wynne.
     Now hoold youre pees, my tale I wol bigynne.
     Part 18
     
     THE PARDONERS TALE
     
     Heere bigynneth the Pardoners tale.
     
        In Flaundres whilom was a compaignye
     Of yonge folk, that haunteden folye,
     As riot, hasard, stywes, and tavernes,
     Wher as with harpes, lutes, and gyternes
     They daunce and pleyen at dees, bothe day and nyght,
     
     And eten also and drynken over hir myght,
     Thurgh which they doon the devel sacrifise
     Withinne that develes temple in cursed wise,
     By superfluytee abhomynable.
     Hir othes been so grete and so dampnable
     
     That it is grisly for to heere hem swere.
     Oure blissed lordes body they to-tere,
     Hem thoughte that Jewes rente hym noght ynough,
     And ech of hem at otheres synne lough.
     And right anon thanne comen tombesteres,
     
     Fetys and smale, and yonge frutesteres,
     Syngeres with harpes, baudes, wafereres,
     Whiche been the verray develes officeres
     To kyndle and blowe the fyr of lecherye,
     That is annexed unto glotonye.
     
     The hooly writ take I to my witnesse,
     That luxurie is in wyn and dronkenesse.
        Lo, how that dronken Looth unkyndely
     Lay by hise doghtres two unwityngly;
     So dronke he was, he nyste what he wroghte.
     
     Herodes, whoso wel the stories soghte,
     Whan he of wyn was repleet at his feeste,
     Right at his owene table he yaf his heeste
     To sleen the Baptist John, ful giltelees.
     Senee seith a good word, doutelees;
     
     He seith, he kan no difference fynde
     Bitwix a man that is out of his mynde,
     And a man which that is dronkelewe,
     But that woodnesse fallen in a shrewe
     Persevereth lenger than dooth dronkenesse.
     
     O glotonye, ful of cursednesse!
     O cause first of oure confusioun!
     O original of oure dampnacioun
     Til Crist hadde boght us with his blood agayn!
     Lo, how deere, shortly for to sayn,
     
     Aboght was thilke cursed vileynye!
     Corrupt was al this world for glotonye!
     Adam oure fader, and his wyf also,
     Fro Paradys to labour and to wo
     Were dryven for that vice, it is no drede;
     
     For whil that Adam fasted, as I rede,
     He was in Paradys, and whan that he
     Eet of the fruyt deffended on the tree,
     Anon he was out-cast to wo and peyne.
     O glotonye, on thee wel oghte us pleyne!
     
     O, wiste a man how manye maladyes
     Folwen of excesse and of goltonyes,
     He wolde been the moore mesurable
     Of his diete, sittynge at his table.
     Allas, the shorte throte, the tendre mouth
     
     Maketh that est and west and north and south
     In erthe, in eir, in water, man to swynke
     To gete a glotoun deyntee mete and drynke.
     Of this matiere, O Paul! wel kanstow trete,
     Mete unto wombe and wombe eek unto mete
     
     Shal God destroyen bothe, as Paulus seith.
     Allas, a foul thyng is it, by my feith!
     To seye this word, and fouler is the dede
     Whan man so drynketh of the white and rede,
     That of his throte he maketh his pryvee
     
     Thurgh thilke cursed superfluitee.
     The Apostel wepying seith ful pitously,
     "Ther walken manye of whiche yow toold have I,
     I seye it now wepyng with pitous voys,
     That they been enemys of Cristes croys,
     
     Of whiche the ende is deeth, wombe is hir god."
     O wombe! O bely! O stynkyng cod!
     Fulfilled of donge and of corrupcioun,
     At either ende of thee foul is the soun;
     How greet labour and cost is thee to fynde,
     
     Thise cookes, how they stampe, and streyne, and grynde,
     And turnen substaunce into accident,
     To fulfillen al thy likerous talent!
     Out of the harde bones knokke they
     The mary, for they caste noght awey,
     
     That may go thurgh the golet softe and swoote;
     Of spicerie, of leef, and bark, and roote,
     Shal been his sauce ymaked by delit,
     To make hym yet a newer appetit.
     But certes, he that haunteth swiche delices
     
     Is deed, whil that he lyveth in tho vices.
        A lecherous thyng is wyn, and dronkenesse
     Is ful of stryvyng and of wrecchednesse.
     O dronke man, disfigured is thy face!
     Sour is thy breeth, foul artow to embrace,
     
     And thurgh thy dronke nose semeth the soun,
     As though thow seydest ay, "Sampsoun! Sampsoun!"
     And yet, God woot, Sampsoun drank nevere no wyn!
     Thou fallest, as it were a styked swyn;
     Thy tonge is lost, and al thyn honeste cure
     
     For dronkenesse is verray sepulture
     Of mannes wit and his discrecioun,
     
     In whom that drynke hath dominacioun.
     He kan no conseil kepe, it is no drede;
     Now kepe yow fro the white and fro the rede,
     
     And namely, fro the white wyn of Lepe,
     That is to selle in fysshstrete, or in Chepe.
     This wyn of Spaigne crepeth subtilly
     In othere wynes, growynge faste by,
     Of which ther ryseth swich fumositee,
     
     That whan a man hath dronken draughtes thre
     And weneth that he be at hoom in Chepe,
     He is in Spaigne, right at the toune of Lepe,
     Nat at the Rochele, ne at Bur deux toun;
     And thanne wol he seye "Sampsoun, Sampsoun!"
     
     But herkneth, lordes, o word I yow preye,
     That alle the sovereyn actes, dar I seye,
     Of victories in the Olde Testament,
     Thurgh verray God that is omnipotent
     Were doon in abstinence and in preyere.
     
     Looketh the Bible, and ther ye may it leere.
     Looke, Attilla, the grete conquerour,
     Deyde in his sleepe, with shame and dishonour,
     Bledynge ay at his nose in dronkenesse.
     A capitayn sholde lyve in sobrenesse;
     
     And over al this avyseth yow right wel,
     What was comaunded unto Lamwel,
     Nat Samuel, but Lamwel, seye I;
     Redeth the Bible and fynde it expresly,
     Of wyn yevyng to hem that han justise.
     
     Namoore of this, for it may wel suffise.
        And now that I have spoken of glotonye,
     Now wol I yow deffenden hasardrye.
     Hasard is verray mooder of lesynges,
     And of dedeite and cursed forswerynges,
     
     Blasphemyng of Crist, manslaughtre and wast also,
     Of catel and of tyme, and forthermo
     It is repreeve and contrarie of honour
     For to ben holde a commune hasardour.
     And ever the hyer he is of estaat,
     
     The moore is he holden desolaat;
     If that a prynce useth hasardrye,
     In all governaunce and policye
     He is as by commune opinioun
     Yholde the lasse in reputacioun.
     
     Stilboun, that was a wys embassadour,
     Was sent to Corynthe in ful greet honour,
     Fro Lacidomye to maken hire alliaunce.
     And whan he cam hym happede par chaunce,
     That alle the gretteste that were of that lond
     
     Pleyynge atte hasard he hem fond.
     For which, as soone as it myghte be,
     He stal hym hoom agayn to his contree,
     And seyde, "Ther wol I nat lese my name,
     Ne I wol nat take on me so greet defame.
     
     Yow for to allie unto none hasardours.
     Sendeth othere wise embassadours,
     For by my trouthe me were levere dye
     Than I yow sholde to hasardours allye.
     For ye that been so glorious in honours
     
     Shul nat allyen yow with hasardours,
     As by my wyl, ne as by my tretee,"
     This wise philosophre, thus seyde hee.
     Looke eek, that to the kyng Demetrius
     The kyng of Parthes, as the book seith us,
     
     Sente him a paire of dees of gold, in scorn,
     For he hadde used hasard therbiforn,
     For which he heeld his glorie or his renoun
     At no value or reputacioun.
     Lordes may fynden oother maner pley
     
     Honeste ynough, to dryve the day awey.
        Now wol I speke of othes false and grete
     A word or two, as olde bookes trete.
     Gret sweryng is a thyng abhominable,
     And fals sweryng is yet moore reprevable.
     
     The heighe God forbad sweryng at al,
     Witnesse on Mathew; but in special
     Of sweryng seith the hooly Jeremye,
     "Thou shalt seye sooth thyne othes, and nat lye,
     And swere in doom, and eek in rightwisnesse,"
     
     But ydel sweryng is a cursednesse.
     Bihoold and se, that in the firste table
     Of heighe Goddes heestes honurable
     How that the seconde heeste of hym is this:
     Take nat my name in ydel or amys.
     
     Lo, rather he forbedeth swich sweryng
     Than homycide, or any cursed thyng!
     I seye, that as by ordre thus it stondeth,
     This knowen that hise heestes understondeth
     How that the seconde heeste of God is that.
     
     And forther-over I wol thee telle al plat,
     That vengeance shal nat parten from his hous
     That of hise othes is to outrageous-
     "By Goddes precious herte and by his nayles,
     And by the blood of Crist that is in Hayles,
     
     Sevene is my chaunce and thyn is cynk and treye.
     By Goddes armes, if thou falsly pleye,
     This dagger shal thurghout thyn herte go!"
     This fruyt cometh of the bicched bones two,
     Forsweryng, ire, falsnesse, homycide!
     
     Now for the love of Crist, that for us dyde,
     Lete youre othes bothe grete and smale.
     
     But, sires, now wol I telle forth my tale.
        Thise riotoures thre, of whiche I telle,
     Longe erst er prime rong of any belle,
     
     Were set hem in a taverne for to drynke.
     And as they sat, they herde a belle clynke
     Biforn a cors, was caried to his grave.
     That oon of hem gan callen to his knave,
     "Go bet," quod he, "and axe redily
     
     What cors is this, that passeth heer forby,
     And looke, that thou reporte his name weel."
     "Sir," quod this boy, "it nedeth neveradeel;
     It was me toold, er ye cam heer two houres.
     He was, pardee, an old felawe of youres,
     
     And sodeynly he was yslayn to-nyght,
     Fordronke, as he sat on his bench upright.
     Ther cam a privee theef men clepeth Deeth,
     That in this contree al the peple sleeth,
     And with his spere he smoot his herte atwo,
     
     And wente his wey withouten wordes mo.
     He hath a thousand slayn this pestilence,
     And maister, er ye come in his presence,
     Me thynketh that it were necessarie
     For to be war of swich an adversarie.
     
     Beth redy for to meete hym everemoore,
     Thus taughte me my dame, I sey namoore."
     "By Seinte Marie,: seyde this taverner,
     "The child seith sooth, for he hath slayn this yeer
     Henne over a mile, withinne a greet village
     
     Bothe man and womman, child, and hyne, and page.
     I trowe his habitacioun be there.
     To been avysed, greet wysdom it were,
     Er that he dide a man a dishonour."
     "Ye, Goddes armes," quod this riotour,
     
     "Is it swich peril with hym for to meete?
     I shal hym seke, by wey and eek by strete,
     I make avow to Goddes digne bones.
     Herkneth, felawes, we thre been al ones;
     Lat ech of us holde up his hand til oother,
     
     And ech of us bicomen otheres brother,
     And we wol sleen this false traytour Deeth.
     He shal be slayn, which that so manye sleeth,
     By Goddes dignitee, er it be nyght."
     Togidres han thise thre hir trouthes plight,
     
     To lyve and dyen, ech of hem for oother,
     As though he were his owene ybore brother;
     And up they stirte al dronken in this rage,
     And forth they goon towardes that village,
     Of which the taverner hadde spoke biforn.
     
     And many a grisly ooth thanne han they sworn,
     And Cristes blessed body they to-rente,
     `Deeth shal be deed, if that they may hym hente.'
        Whan they han goon nat fully half a mile,
     Right as they wolde han troden over a stile,
     
     An oold man and a povre with hem mette.
     This olde man ful mekely hem grette,
     And seyde thus, "Now, lordes, God yow see."
     The proudeste of thise riotoures three
     Answerde agayn, "What, carl, with sory grace,
     
     Why artow al forwrapped save thy face?
     Why lyvestow so longe in so greet age?"
     This olde man gan looke in his visage,
     And seyde thus, "For I ne kan nat fynde
     A man, though that I walked in to Ynde,
     
     Neither in citee nor in no village,
     That wolde chaunge his youthe for myn age.
     And therfore mooth I han myn age stille
     As longe tyme as it is Goddes wille.
     Ne deeth, allas, ne wol nat han my lyf!
     
     Thus walke I lyk a restelees kaityf,
     And on the ground, which is my moodres gate,
     I knokke with my staf bothe erly and late,
     And seye, 'leeve mooder, leet me in!
     Lo, how I vanysshe, flessh and blood and skyn!
     
     Allas, whan shul my bones been at reste?
     Mooder, with yow wolde I chaunge my cheste,
     That in my chambre longe tyme hath be,
     Ye, for an heyre-clowt to wrappe me.'
     But yet to me she wol nat do that grace;
     
     For which ful pale and welked is my face.
     But, sires, to yow it is no curteisye
     To speken to an old man vileynye,
     But he trespasse in word, or elles in dede.
     In hooly writ ye may yourself wel rede,
     
     `Agayns an oold man, hoor upon his heed,
     Ye sholde arise;' wherfore I yeve yow reed,
     Ne dooth unto an oold man noon harm now,
     Namoore than that ye wolde men did to yow
     In age, if that ye so longe abyde,
     
     And God be with yow where ye go or ryde.
     I moote go thider, as I have to go."
     "Nay, olde cherl, by God, thou shalt nat so,"
     Seyde this oother hasardour anon.
     "Thou partest nat so lightly, by Seint John.
     
     Thou spak right now of thilke traytour Deeth,
     That in this contree alle oure freendes sleeth.
     Have heer my trouthe, as thou art his espye,
     Telle where he is, or thou shalt it abye,
     By God and by the hooly sacrament,
     
     For soothly thou art oon of his assent
     To sleen us yonge folk, thou false theef?"
     "Now, sires," quod he, "if that ye be so leef
     To fynde Deeth, turne up this croked wey,
     For in that grove I lafte hym, by my fey,
     
     Under a tree, and there he wole abyde.
     Noght for your boost he wole him nothyng hyde,
     Se ye that ook? right ther ye shal hym fynde,
     God save yow that boghte agayn mankynde,
     And yow amende."  Thus seyde this olde man;
     
     And everich of thise riotoures ran
     Til he cam to that tree, and ther they founde
     Of floryns fyne of gold ycoyned rounde
     Wel ny an eighte busshels, as hem thoughte.
     No lenger thanne after Deeth they soughte,
     
     But ech of hem so glad was of that sighte,
     For that the floryns been so faire and brighte,
     That doun they sette hem by this precious hoord.
     The worste of hem, he spak the firste word,
     "Bretheren," quod he, "taak kepe what I seys;
     
     My wit is greet, though that I bourde and pleye.
     This tresor hath Fortune unto us yeven,
     In myrthe and joliftee oure lyf to lyven.
     And lightly as it comth, so wol we spende.
     Ey, Goddes precious dignitee, who wende
     
     Today that we sholde han so fair a grace?
     But myghte this gold be caried fro this place
     Hoom to myn hous or elles unto youres,
     (For wel ye woot that al this gold is oures)
     Thanne were we in heigh felicitee.
     
     But trewely, by daye it may nat bee;
     Men wolde seyn that we were theves stronge,
     And for oure owene tresor doon us honge.
     This tresor moste ycaried be by nyghte,
     As wisely and as slyly as it myghte.
     
     Wherfore I rede that cut among us alle
     Be drawe, and lat se wher the cut wol falle,
     And he that hath the cut, with herte blithe
     Shal renne to the towne, and that ful seithe,
     And brynge us breed and wyn, ful prively;
     
     And two of us shul kepen subtilly
     This tresor wel, and if he wol nat tarie,
     Whan it is nyght, we wol this tresor carie,
     By oon assent, where as us thynketh best."
     That oon of hem the cut broghte in his fest,
     
     And bad hym drawe, and looke where it wol falle;
     And it fil on the yongeste of hem alle,
     And forth toward the toun he wente anon.
     And al so soone, as that he was agon,
     That oon of hem spak thus unto that oother,
     
     "Thou knowest wel thou art my sworen brother,
     Thy profit wol I telle thee anon.
     Thou woost wel, that oure felawe is agon,
     And heere is gold, and that ful greet plentee,
     That shal departed been among us thre.
     
     But nathelees, if I kan shape it so
     That it departed were among us two,
     Hadde I nat doon a freendes torn to thee?"
     That oother answerde, "I noot hou that may be;
     He woot how that the gold is with us tweye;
     
     What shal we doon? what shal we to hym seye?"
     "Shal it be conseil?" seyde the firste shrewe,
     "And I shal tellen, in a wordes fewe,
     What we shal doon, and bryngen it wel aboute."
     "I graunte," quod that oother, "out of doute,
     
     That by my trouthe I shal thee nat biwreye."
     "Now," quod the firste, "thou woost wel we be tweye,
     And two of us shul strenger be than oon;
     Looke whan that he is set, that right anoon
     Arys, as though thou woldest with hym pleye,
     
     And I shal ryve hym thurgh the sydes tweye,
     Whil that thou strogelest with hym as in game.
     And with thy daggere looke thou do the same,
     And thanne shal al this gold departed be,
     My deere freend, bitwixen me and thee.
     
     Thanne may we bothe oure lustes all fulfille,
     And pleye at dees right at oure owene wille."
     And thus acorded been thise shrewes tweye
     To sleen the thridde, as ye han herd me seye.
        This yongeste, which that wente unto the toun,
     
     Ful ofte in herte he rolleth up and doun
     The beautee of thise floryns newe and brighte.
     "O lorde," quod he, "if so were that I myghte
     Have al this tresor to my-self allone,
     Ther is no man that lyveth under the trone
     
     Of god, that sholde lyve so murye as I."
     And atte laste the feend, oure enemy,
     Putte in his thought that he sholde poyson beye,
     With which he myghte sleen hise felawes tweye.
     For why, the feend foond hym in swich lyvynge,
     
     That he hadde leve hem to sorwe brynge;
     For this was outrely his fulle entente,
     To sleen hem bothe, and nevere to repente.
     And forth he gooth, no lenger wolde he tarie,
     Into the toun unto a pothecarie
     
     And preyde hym that he hym wolde selle
     Som poysoun, that he myghte hise rattes quelle,
     And eek ther was a polcat in his hawe,
     That, as he seyde, hise capouns hadde yslawe;
     And fayn he wolde wreke hym, if he myghte,
     
     On vermyn that destroyed hym by nyghte.
     The pothecarie answerde, "and thou shalt have
     
     A thyng, that al so God my soule save,
     In al this world ther is no creature
     That eten or dronken hath of this confiture
     
     Noght but the montance of a corn of whete,
     That he ne shal his lif anon forlete;
     Ye, sterve he shal, and that in lasse while
     Than thou wolt goon a paas nat but a mile,
     This poysoun is so strong and violent."
     
     This cursed man hath in his hond yhent
     This poysoun in a box, and sith he ran
     Into the nexte strete unto a man
     And borwed hym of large botels thre;
     And in the two his poyson poured he,
     
     The thridde he kepte clene for his owene drynke,
     For al the nyght he shoop hym for to swynke
     In cariynge of the gold out of that place.
     And whan this riotour, with sory grace,
     Hadde filed with wyn his grete botels thre,
     
     To hise felawes agayn repaireth he.
        What nedeth it to sermone of it moore?
     For right as they hadde cast his deeth bifoore
     Right so they han him slayn, and that anon;
     And whan that this was doon, thus spak that oon,
     
     "Now lat us sitte and drynke, and make us merie,
     And afterward we wol his body berie."
     And with that word it happed hym, par cas,
     To take the botel ther the poysoun was,
     And drank, and yaf his felawe drynke also,
     
     For which anon they storven bothe two.
     But certes, I suppose that Avycen
     Wroot nevere in no canoun, ne in no fen,
     Mo wonder signes of empoisonyng
     Than hadde thise wrecches two, er hir endyng.
     
     Thus ended been thise homycides two,
     And eek the false empoysoner also.
        O cursed synne ful of cursednesse!
     O traytours homycide!  O wikkednesse!
     O glotonye, luxurie, and hasardrye!
     
     Thou blasphemour of Crist, with vileynye,
     And othes grete, of usage and of pride,
     Allas, mankynde! how may it bitide
     That to thy Creatour which that the wroghte,
     And with His precious herte-blood thee boghte,
     
     Thou art so fals and so unkynde, allas!
     Now, goode men, God foryeve yow youre trespas,
     And ware yow fro the synne of avarice;
     Myn hooly pardoun may yow alle warice,
     So that ye offre nobles or sterlynges,
     
     Or elles silver broches, spoones, rynges;
     Boweth youre heed under this hooly bulle,
     Com up, ye wyves, offreth of youre wolle;
     Youre names I entre heer in my rolle anon,
     Into the blisse of hevene shul ye gon.
     
     I yow assoille by myn heigh power,
     Yow that wol offre, as clene and eek as cleer
     As ye were born-and lo, sires, thus I preche;
     And Jesu Crist, that is oure soules leche,
     So graunte yow his pardoun to receyve,
     
     For that is best, I wol yow nat deceyve.
        But sires, o word forgat I in my tale,
     I have relikes and pardoun in my male
     As faire as any man in Engelond,
     Whiche were me yeven by the popes hond.
     
     If any of yow wole of devocioun
     Offren and han myn absolucioun,
     Com forth anon, and kneleth heere adoun,
     And mekely receyveth my pardoun,
     Or elles taketh pardoun as ye wende,
     
     Al newe and fressh at every miles ende,
     So that ye offren alwey newe and newe
     Nobles or pens, whiche that be goode and trewe.
     It is an honour to everich that is heer,
     That ye mowe have a suffisant pardoneer
     
     Tassoille yow in contree as ye ryde,
     For aventures whiche that may bityde.
     Paraventure ther may fallen oon or two
     Doun of his hors, and breke his nekke atwo.
     Look, which a seuretee is it to yow alle
     
     That I am in youre felaweship yfalle,
     That may assoille yow, bothe moore and lasse,
     Whan that the soule shal fro the body passe.
     I rede that oure Hoost heere shal bigynne,
     For he is moost envoluped in synne.
     
     Com forth, sire Hoost, and offre first anon,
     And thou shalt kisse my relikes everychon,
     Ye, for a grote, unbokele anon thy purs.-
        "Nay, nay," quod he, "thanne have I Cristes curs!"
     "Lat be," quod he, "it shal nat be, so theech,
     
     Thou woldest make me kisse thyn olde breech,
     And swere it were a relyk of a seint,
     Though it were with thy fundement depeint.
     But by the croys which that seint Eleyne fond,
     I wolde I hadde thy coillons in myn hond
     
     In stide of relikes or of seintuarie.
     Lat kutte hem of, I wol thee helpe hem carie,
     They shul be shryned in an hogges toord."
     This Pardoner answerde nat a word;
     So wrooth he was, no word ne wolde he seye.
     
     "Now," quod oure Hoost, "I wol no lenger pleye
     With thee, ne with noon oother angry man."
     But right anon the worthy knyght bigan,
     Whan that he saugh that al the peple lough,
     "Namoore of this, for it is right ynough.
     
     Sir Pardoner, be glad and myrie of cheere;
     And ye, sir Hoost, that been to me so deere,
     I prey yow, that ye kisse the pardoner;
     And Pardoner, I prey thee, drawe thee neer,
     And, as we diden lat us laughe and pley."
     Anon they kiste, and ryden forth hir weye.
     
     Heere is ended the Pardoners tale.
     Part 19
     
     GROUP D
     
     PROLOGUE OF THE WYVES TALE OF BATH
     
     The Prologe of the Wyves tale of Bathe.
     
        Experience, though noon auctoritee
     Were in this world, were right ynogh to me
     To speke of wo that is in mariage;
     For, lordynges, sith I twelf yeer was of age,
     Thonked be God, that is eterne on lyve,
     
     Housbondes at chirche-dore I have had fyve-
     For I so ofte have ywedded bee-
     And alle were worthy men in hir degree.
     But me was toold, certeyn, nat longe agoon is,
     That sith that Crist ne wente nevere but onis
     
     To weddyng in the Cane of Galilee,
     That by the same ensample, taughte he me,
     That I ne sholde wedded be but ones.
     Herkne eek, lo, which a sharpe word for the nones,
     Biside a welle Jesus, God and Man,
     
     Spak in repreeve of the Samaritan.
     "Thou hast yhad fyve housbondes," quod he,
     "And thilke man the which that hath now thee
     Is noght thyn housbonde;" thus seyde he, certeyn.
     What that he mente ther by, I kan nat seyn;
     
     But that I axe, why that the fifthe man
     Was noon housbonde to the Samaritan?
     How manye myghte she have in mariage?
     Yet herde I nevere tellen in myn age
     Upon this nombre diffinicioun.
     
     Men may devyne, and glosen up and doun,
     But wel I woot expres withoute lye,
     God bad us for to wexe and multiplye;
     That gentil text kan I wel understonde.
     Eek wel I woot, he seyde, myn housbonde
     
     Sholde lete fader and mooder, and take me;
     But of no nombre mencioun made he,
     Of bigamye, or of octogamye;
     Why sholde men speke of it vileynye?
        Lo, heere the wise kyng, daun Salomon;
     
     I trowe he hadde wyves mo than oon-
     As, wolde God, it leveful were to me
     To be refresshed half so ofte as he-
     Which yifte of God hadde he, for alle hise wyvys?
     No man hath swich that in this world alyve is.
     
     God woot, this noble kyng, as to my wit,
     The firste nyght had many a myrie fit
     With ech of hem, so wel was hym on lyve!
     Blessed be God, that I have wedded fyve;
     Welcome the sixte, whan that evere he shal.
     
     For sothe I wol nat kepe me chaast in al;
     Whan myn housbonde is fro the world ygon
     Som cristen man shal wedde me anon.
     For thanne thapostle seith that I am free,
     To wedde a Goddes half where it liketh me.
     
     He seith, that to be wedded is no synne,
     Bet is to be wedded than to brynne.
     What rekketh me, thogh folk seye vileynye
     Of shrewed Lameth and of bigamye?
     I woot wel Abraham was an hooly man,
     
     And Jacob eek, as ferforth as I kan,
     And ech of hem hadde wyves mo than two,
     And many another holy man also.
     Whanne saugh ye evere in any manere age
     That hye God defended mariage
     
     
     By expres word?  I pray you, telleth me,
     Or where comanded he virginitee?
     I woot as wel as ye it is no drede,
     Thapostel, whan he speketh of maydenhede;
     He seyde, that precept therof hadde he noon.
     
     Men may conseille a womman to been oon,
     But conseillyng is no comandement;
     He putte it in oure owene juggement.
     For hadde God comanded maydenhede,
     Thanne hadde he dampned weddyng with the dede;
     
     And certein, if ther were no seed ysowe,
     Virginitee, wherof thanne sholde it growe?
     Poul dorste nat comanden, atte leeste,
     A thyng of which his maister yaf noon heeste.
     The dart is set up of virginitee;
     
     Cacche who so may, who renneth best lat see.
     But this word is nat taken of every wight,
     But ther as God lust gyve it of his myght.
     I woot wel, the apostel was a mayde;
     But nathelees, thogh that he wroot and sayde
     
     He wolde that every wight were swich as he,
     Al nys but conseil to virginitee;
     And for to been a wyf, he yaf me leve
     Of indulgence, so it is no repreve
     To wedde me, if that my make dye,
     
     Withouten excepcioun of bigamye.
     "Al were it good no womman for to touche,"
     He mente, as in his bed or in his couche;
     For peril is bothe fyr and tow tassemble;
     Ye knowe what this ensample may resemble.
     
     This is al and som, he heeld virginitee
     Moore parfit than weddyng in freletee.
     Freletee clepe I, but if that he and she
     Wolde leden al hir lyf in chastitee.
     I graunte it wel, I have noon envie,
     
     Thogh maydenhede preferre bigamye;
     Hem liketh to be clene, body and goost.
     Of myn estaat I nyl nat make no boost,
     For wel ye knowe, a lord in his houshold,
     He nath nat every vessel al of gold;
     
     Somme been of tree, and doon hir lord servyse.
     God clepeth folk to hym in sondry wyse,
     And everich hath of God a propre yifte,
     Som this, som that, as hym liketh shifte.
     Virginitee is greet perfeccioun,
     
     And continence eek with devocioun.
     But Crist, that of perfeccioun is welle,
     Bad nat every wight he sholde go selle
     Al that he hadde, and gyve it to the poore,
     And in swich wise folwe hym and his foore.
     
     He spak to hem that wolde lyve parfitly,
     And lordynges, by youre leve, that am nat I.
     I wol bistowe the flour of myn age
     In the actes and in fruyt of mariage.
     An housbonde I wol have, I nyl nat lette,
     
     Which shal be bothe my dettour and my thral,
     And have his tribulacioun withal
     Upon his flessh whil that I am his wyf.
     I have the power durynge al my lyf
     Upon his propre body, and noght he.
     
     Right thus the Apostel tolde it unto me,
     And bad oure housbondes for to love us weel.
     Al this sentence me liketh every deel,-
        Up stirte the Pardoner, and that anon,
     "Now, dame," quod he, "by God and by Seint John,
     
     Ye been a noble prechour in this cas.
     I was aboute to wedde a wyf, allas!
     What sholde I bye it on my flessh so deere?
     Yet hadde I levere wedde no wyf to-yeere!"
     "Abyde," quod she, "my tale in nat bigonne.
     
     Nay, thou shalt drynken of another tonne,
     Er that I go, shal savoure wors than ale.
     And whan that I have toold thee forth my tale
     Of tribulacioun in mariage,
     Of which I am expert in al myn age,
     
     (This to seyn, myself have been the whippe),
     Than maystow chese wheither thou wolt sippe
     Of thilke tonne that I shal abroche,
     For I shal telle ensamples mo than ten.
     Whoso that nyl be war by othere men,
     
     By hym shul othere men corrected be.
     The same wordes writeth Ptholomee;
     Rede it in his Almageste, and take it there."
     "Dame, I wolde praye yow, if youre wyl it were,"
     Seyde this Pardoner, "as ye bigan,
     
     Telle forth youre tale, spareth for no man,
     And teche us yonge men of your praktike."
     "Gladly," quod she, "sith it may yow like.
     But yet I praye to al this compaignye,
     If that I speke after my fantasye,
     
     As taketh not agrief of that I seye,
     For myn entente nis but for to pleye."
        -Now sire, now wol I telle forth my tale,
     As evere moote I drynken wyn or ale,
     I shal seye sooth, tho housbondes that I hadde,
     
     As thre of hem were goode, and two were badde.
     The thre men were goode, and riche, and olde;
     Unnethe myghte they the statut holde
     In which that they were bounden unto me-
     Ye woot wel what I meene of this, pradee!
     
     As help me God, I laughe whan I thynke
     How pitously anyght I made hem swynke.
     And by my fey, I tolde of it no stoor,
     They had me yeven hir gold and hir tresoor;
     Me neded nat do lenger diligence
     
     To wynne hir love, or doon hem reverence,
     They loved me so wel, by God above,
     That I ne tolde no deyntee of hir love.
     A wys womman wol sette hire evere in oon
     To gete hire love, ther as she hath noon.
     
     But sith I hadde hem hoolly in myn hond,
     And sith they hadde me yeven all hir lond,
     What sholde I taken heede hem for to plese,
     But it were for my profit and myn ese?
     I sette hem so a-werke, by my fey,
     
     That many a nyght they songen weilawey.
     The bacoun was nat fet for hem, I trowe,
     That som men han in Essex at Dunmowe.
     I governed hem so wel after my lawe,
     That ech of hem ful blisful was, and fawe
     
     To brynge me gaye thynges fro the fayre.
     They were ful glad whan I spak to hem faire,
     For God it woot, I chidde hem spitously.
     Now herkneth hou I baar me proprely,
     Ye wise wyves, that kan understonde.
     
     Thus shul ye speke and bere hem wrong on honde;
     For half so boldely kan ther no man
     Swere and lyen, as a womman kan.
     I sey nat this by wyves that been wyse,
     But if it be whan they hem mysavyse.
     
     A wys wyf, it that she kan hir good,
     Shal beren hym on hond the cow is wood,
     And take witnesse of hir owene mayde,
     Of hir assent; but herkneth how I sayde.
     "Sir olde kaynard, is this thyn array?
     
     Why is my neighebores wyf so gay?
     She is honoured overal ther she gooth;
     I sitte at hoom, I have no thrifty clooth.
     What dostow at my neighebores hous?
     Is she so fair? artow so amorous?
     
     What rowne ye with oure mayde? benedicite,
     Sir olde lecchour, lat thy japes be!
     And if I have a gossib or a freend
     Withouten gilt, thou chidest as a feend
     If that I walke or pleye unto his hous.
     
     Thou comest hoom as dronken as a mous
     And prechest on thy bench, with yvel preef!
     Thou seist to me, it is a greet meschief
     To wedde a povre womman, for costage,
     And if she be riche and of heigh parage,
     
     Thanne seistow it is a tormentrie
     To soffren hir pride and hir malencolie.
     And if she be fair, thou verray knave,
     Thou seyst that every holour wol hir have;
     She may no while in chastitee abyde
     
     That is assailled upon ech a syde.
     Thou seyst, som folk desiren us for richesse,
     Somme for oure shape, and somme for oure fairnesse,
     And som for she kan outher synge or daunce,
     And som for gentillesse and daliaunce,
     
     Som for hir handes and hir armes smale;
     Thur goth al to the devel by thy tale.
     Thou seyst, men may nat kepe a castel wal,
     It may so longe assailled been overal.
     And if that she be foul, thou seist that she
     
     Coveiteth every man that she may se;
     For as a spaynel she wol on hym lepe
     Til that she fynde som man hir to chepe;
     Ne noon so grey goos gooth ther in the lake
     As, seistow, wol been withoute make;
     
     And seyst, it is an hard thyng for to welde
     A thyng that no man wole, his thankes, helde.
     Thus seistow, lorel, whan thow goost to bedde,
     And that no wys man nedeth for to wedde,
     Ne no man that entendeth unto hevene-
     
     With wilde thonderdynt and firy levene
     Moote thy welked nekke be to-broke!
     Thow seyst that droppyng houses, and eek smoke,
     And chidyng wyves maken men to flee
     Out of hir owene hous, a benedicitee!
     
     What eyleth swich an old man for to chide?
        Thow seyst, we wyves wol oure vices hide
     Til we be fast, and thanne we wol hem shewe.
     Wel may that be a proverbe of a shrewe!
     Thou seist, that oxen, asses, hors, and houndes,
     
     They been assayd at diverse stoundes;
     Bacyns, lavours, er that men hem bye,
     Spoones and stooles, and al swich housbondrye,
     And so been pottes, clothes, and array;
     But folk of wyves maken noon assay
     
     Til they be wedded, olde dotard shrewe!
     Thanne, seistow, we wol oure vices shewe.
     Thou seist also, that it displeseth me
     But if that thou wolt preyse my beautee,
     And but thou poure alwey upon my face,
     
     And clepe me `faire dame' in every place,
     And but thou make a feeste on thilke day
     That I was born, and make me fressh and gay,
     And but thou do to my norice honour,
     And to my chamberere withinne my bour,
     
     And to my fadres folk and hise allyes-
     Thus seistow, olde barel ful of lyes!
     And yet of oure apprentice Janekyn,
     For his crisp heer, shynynge as gold so fyn,
     And for he squiereth me bothe up and doun,
     
     Yet hastow caught a fals suspecioun.
     I wol hym noght, thogh thou were deed tomorwe.
     But tel me this, why hydestow, with sorwe,
     The keyes of my cheste awey fro me?
     It is my good as wel as thyn, pardee;
     
     What wenestow make an ydiot of oure dame?
     Now, by that lord that called is seint Jame,
     Thou shalt nat bothe, thogh that thou were wood,
     Be maister of my body and of my good;
     That oon thou shalt forgo, maugree thyne eyen.
     
     What nedeth thee of me to enquere or spyen?
     I trowe thou woldest loke me in thy chiste.
     Thou sholdest seye, `Wyf, go wher thee liste,
     Taak youre disport, I wol not leve no talys,
     I knowe yow for a trewe wyf, dame Alys.'
     
     We love no man that taketh kepe or charge
     Wher that we goon, we wol ben at our large.
     Of alle men yblessed moot he be,
     The wise astrologien, Daun Ptholome,
     That seith this proverbe in his Almageste:
     
     `Of alle men his wysdom is the hyeste,
     That rekketh nevere who hath the world in honde.'
     By this proverbe thou shalt understonde,
     Have thou ynogh, what thar thee recche or care
     How myrily that othere folkes fare?
     
     He is to greet a nygard, that wolde werne
     A man to lighte his candle at his lanterne;
     He shal have never the lasse light, pardee,
     Have thou ynogh, thee thar nat pleyne thee.
     Thou seyst also, that if we make us gay
     
     With clothyng and with precious array,
     That it is peril of oure chastitee;
     And yet, with sorwe, thou most enforce thee,
     And seye thise wordes in the apostles name,
     `In habit, maad with chastitee and shame,
     
     Ye wommen shul apparaille yow,' quod he,
     `And noght in tressed heer and gay perree,
     As perles, ne with gold, ne clothes riche.'
     After thy text, ne after thy rubriche
     I wol nat wirche, as muchel as a gnat!
     
     Thou seydest this, that I was lyk a cat;
     For whoso wolde senge a cattes skyn,
     Thanne wolde the cat wel dwellen in his in.
     And if the cattes skyn be slyk and gay,
     She wol nat dwelle in house half a day,
     
     But forth she wole, er any day be dawed,
     To shewe hir skyn, and goon a caterwawed.
     This is to seye, if I be gay, sire shrewe,
     I wol renne out, my borel for to shewe.
     Sire olde fool, what eyleth thee to spyen,
     
     Thogh thou preye Argus, with hise hundred eyen,
     To be my wardecors, as he kan best,
     In feith he shal nat kepe me but me lest;
     Yet koude I make his berd, so moot I thee.
     Thou seydest eek, that ther been thynges thre,
     
     The whiche thynges troublen al this erthe,
     And that no wight ne may endure the ferthe.
     O leeve sire shrewe, Jesu shorte thy lyf!
     Yet prechestow, and seyst, an hateful wyf
     Yrekened is for oon of thise meschances.
     
     Been ther none othere maner resemblances
     That ye may likne youre parables to,
     But if a sely wyf be oon of tho?
     Thou likenest wommenes love to helle,
     To bareyne lond, ther water may nat dwelle.
     
     Thou liknest it also to wilde fyr;
     The moore it brenneth, the moore it hath desir
     To consume every thyng that brent wole be.
     Thou seyst, right as wormes shendeth a tree,
     Right so a wyf destroyeth hir housbond.
     
     This knowe they, that been to wyves bonde."
        Lordynges, right thus, as ye have understonde,
     Baar I stifly myne olde housbondes on honde,
     That thus they seyden in hir dronkenesse,
     And al was fals, but that I took witnesse
     
     On Janekyn and on my nece also.
     O lord, the pyne I dide hem, and the wo
     Ful giltelees, by Goddes sweete pyne!
     For as an hors I koude byte and whyne,
     I koude pleyne, thogh I were in the gilt,
     
     Or elles often tyme hadde I been spilt.
     Who so that first to mille comth first grynt;
     I pleyned first, so was oure werre ystynt.
     They were ful glad to excuse hem ful blyve
     Of thyng of which they nevere agilte hir lyve.
     
     Of wenches wolde I beren hym on honde,
     Whan that for syk unnethes myghte he stonde,
     Yet tikled it his herte, for that he
     Wende that I hadde of hym so greet chiertee.
     I swoor that al my walkynge out by nyghte
     
     Was for tespye wenches that he dighte.
     Under that colour hadde I many a myrthe;
     For al swich thyng was yeven us in oure byrthe,
     Deceite, wepyng, spynnyng, God hath yeve
     To wommen kyndely whil they may lyve.
     
     And thus of o thyng I avaunte me,
     Atte ende I hadde the bettre in ech degree,
     By sleighte, or force, or by som maner thyng,
     As by continueel murmure or grucchyng.
     Namely a bedde hadden they meschaunce;
     
     Ther wolde I chide and do hem no plesaunce,
     I wolde no lenger in the bed abyde,
     If that I felte his arm over my syde
     Til he had maad his raunsoun unto me;
     Thanne wolde I suffre hym do his nycetee.
     
     And therfore every man this tale I telle,
     Wynne who so may, for al is for to selle.
     With empty hand men may none haukes lure,-
     For wynnyng wolde I al his lust endure
     And make me a feyned appetit;
     
     And yet in bacoun hadde I nevere delit;
     That made me that evere I wolde hem chide.
     For thogh the pope hadde seten hem biside,
     I wolde nat spare hem at hir owene bord,
     For by my trouthe I quitte hem word for word.
     
     As help me verray God omnipotent,
     Though I right now sholde make my testament,
     I ne owe hem nat a word, that it nys quit.
     I broghte it so aboute by my wit,
     That they moste yeve it up as for the beste,
     
     Or elles hadde we nevere been in reste.
     For thogh he looked as a wood leoun,
     Yet sholde he faille of his conclusioun.
     Thanne wolde I seye, "Goode lief, taak keepe,
     How mekely looketh Wilkyn oure sheepe!
     
     Com neer, my spouse, lat me ba thy cheke,
     Ye sholde been al pacient and meke,
     And han a sweete spiced conscience,
     Sith ye so preche of Jobes pacience.
     Suffreth alwey, syn ye so wel kan preche,
     
     And but ye do, certein we shal yow teche
     That it is fair to have a wyf in pees.
     Oon of us two moste bowen, doutelees,
     And sith a man is moore resonable,
     Than womman is, ye moste been suffrable."
     
     Swiche maneer wordes hadde we on honde.
     Now wol I speken of my fourthe housbonde.
        My fourthe housbonde was a revelour,
     This is to seyn, he hadde a paramour,
     And I was yong and ful of ragerye,
     
     Stibourne and strong, and joly as a pye.
     Wel koude I daunce to an harpe smale,
     And synge, ywis, as any nyghtyngale,
     Whan I had dronke a draughte of sweete wyn.
     Metellius, the foule cherl, the swyn,
     
     That with a staf birafte his wyf hire lyf,
     For she drank wyn, thogh I hadde been his wyf,
     He sholde nat han daunted me fro drynke.
     And after wyn on Venus moste I thynke,
     For al so siker as cold engendreth hayl,
     
     A likerous mouth moste han a likerous tayl.
     In wommen vinolent is no defence,
     This knowen lecchours by experience.
        But, Lord Crist! whan that it remembreth me
     Upon my yowthe and on my jolitee,
     
     It tikleth me aboute myn herte-roote.
     Unto this day it dooth myn herte boote
     That I have had my world, as in my tyme.
     But age, allas, that al wole envenyme,
     Hath me biraft my beautee and my pith!
     
     Lat go, fare-wel, the devel go therwith!
     The flour is goon, ther is namoore to telle,
     The bren as I best kan, now moste I selle;
     But yet to be right myrie wol I fonde.
     Now wol I tellen of my fourthe housbonde.
     
        I seye, I hadde in herte greet despit
     That he of any oother had delit;
     But he was quit, by God and by Seint Joce!
     I made hym of the same wode a croce;
     Nat of my body in no foul manere,
     
     But certeinly, I made folk swich cheere
     That in his owene grece I made hym frye
     For angre and for verray jalousye.
     By God, in erthe I was his purgatorie,
     For which I hope his soule be in glorie,
     
     For God it woot, he sat ful ofte and song
     Whan that his shoo ful bitterly hym wrong!
     Ther was no wight save God and he, that wiste
     In many wise how soore I hym twiste.
     He deyde whan I cam fro Jerusalem,
     
     And lith ygrave under the roode-beem,
     Al is his tombe noght so curyus
     As was the sepulcre of hym Daryus,
     Which that Appelles wroghte subtilly.
     It nys but wast to burye hym preciously,
     
     Lat hym fare-wel, God yeve his soule reste,
     He is now in his grave, and in his cheste.
        Now of my fifthe housbonde wol I telle.
     God lete his soule nevere come in helle!
     And yet was he to me the mooste shrewe;
     
     That feele I on my ribbes al by rewe,
     And evere shal, unto myn endyng day.
     But in oure bed he was ful fressh and gay,
     And therwithal so wel koude he me glose
     Whan that he solde han my bele chose,
     
     That thogh he hadde me bet on every bon
     He koude wynne agayn my love anon.
     I trowe I loved hym beste, for that he
     Was of his love daungerous to me.
     We wommen han, if that I shal nat lye,
     
     In this matere a queynte fantasye;
     Wayte what tthyng we may nat lightly have,
     Ther-after wol we crie al day and crave.
     Forbede us thyng, and that desiren we;
     Preesse on us faste, and thanne wol we fle;
     
     With daunger oute we al oure chaffare.
     Greet prees at market maketh deere ware,
     And to greet cheep is holde at litel prys;
     This knoweth every womman that is wys.
     My fifthe housbonde, God his soule blesse,
     
     Which that I took for love and no richesse,
     He somtyme was a clerk of Oxenford,
     And hadde left scole, and wente at hom to bord
     With my gossib, dwellynge in oure toun,
     God have hir soule! hir name was Alisoun.
     
     She knew myn herte and eek my privetee
     Bet than oure parisshe preest, as moot I thee.
     To hir biwreyed I my conseil al,
     For hadde myn housbonde pissed on a wal,
     Or doon a thyng that sholde han cost his lyf,
     
     To hir, and to another worthy wyf,
     And to my nece, which that I loved weel,
     I wolde han toold his conseil every deel.
     And so I dide ful often, God it woot!
     That made his face ful often reed and hoot
     
     For verray shame, and blamed hym-self, for he
     Had toold to me so greet a pryvetee.
        And so bifel that ones, in a Lente-
     So often tymes I to my gossyb wente,
     For evere yet I loved to be gay,
     
     And for to walke in March, Averill, and May,
     Fro hous to hous to heere sondry talys-
     That Jankyn Clerk and my gossyb, dame Alys,
     And I myself into the feeldes wente.
     Myn housbonde was at London al that Lente;
     
     I hadde the bettre leyser for to pleye,
     And for to se, and eek for to be seye
     Of lusty folk; what wiste I, wher my grace
     Was shapen for to be, or in what place?
     Therfore I made my visitaciouns
     
     To vigilies and to processiouns,
     To prechyng eek, and to thise pilgrimages,
     To pleyes of myracles, and to mariages;
     And wered upon my gaye scarlet gytes.
     Thise wormes ne thise motthes, ne thise mytes,
     
     Upon my peril, frete hem never a deel-
     And wostow why? for they were used weel!
        Now wol I tellen forth what happed me.
     I seye, that in the feeldes walked we,
     Til trewely we hadde swich daliance,
     
     This clerk and I, that of my purveiance
     I spak to hym, and seyde hym, how that he,
     If I were wydwe, sholde wedde me.
     For certeinly, I sey for no bobance,
     Yet was I nevere withouten purveiance
     
     Of mariage, nof othere thynges eek.
     I holde a mouses herte nat worth a leek
     That hath but oon hole for to sterte to,
     And if that faille, thanne is al ydo.
     I bar hym on honde, he hadde enchanted me-
     
     My dame taughte me that soutiltee.
     And eek I seyde, I mette of hym al nyght,
     He wolde han slayn me as I lay upright,
     And al my bed was ful of verray blood;
     But yet I hope that he shal do me good,
     
     For blood bitokeneth gold, as me was taught-
     And al was fals, I dremed of it right naught,
     But as I folwed ay my dames loore
     As wel of this, as of othere thynges moore.
        But now sir, lat me se, what I shal seyn?
     
     A ha, by God!  I have my tale ageyn.
        Whan that my fourthe housbonde was on beere,
     I weep algate, and made sory cheere,
     As wyves mooten-for it is usage-
     And with my coverchief covered my visage;
     
     But for that I was purveyed of a make,
     I wepte but smal, and that I undertake.
     To chirche was myn housbonde born amorwe
     With neighebores that for hym maden sorwe;
     And Janekyn oure clerk was oon of tho.
     
     As help me God, whan that I saugh hym go
     After the beere, me thoughte he hadde a paire
     Of legges and of feet so clene and faire,
     That al myn herte I yaf unto his hoold.
     He was, I trowe, a twenty wynter oold,
     
     And I was fourty, if I shal seye sooth,
     But yet I hadde alwey a coltes tooth.
     Gat-tothed I was, and that bicam me weel,
     I hadde the prente of Seinte Venus seel.
     As help me God, I was a lusty oon,
     
     And faire, and riche, and yong, and wel bigon,
     And trewely, as myne housbondes tolde me,
     I hadde the beste quonyam myghte be.
     For certes, I am al Venerien
     In feelynge, and myn herte is Marcien.
     
     Venus me yaf my lust, my likerousnesse,
     And Mars yaf me my sturdy hardynesse.
     Myn ascendent was Taur, and Mars therinne,
     Allas, allas, that evere love was synne!
     I folwed ay myn inclinacioun
     
     By vertu of my constellacioun;
     That made me I koude noght withdrawe
     My chambre of Venus from a good felawe.
     Yet have I Martes mark upon my face,
     And also in another privee place.
     
     For God so wys be my savacioun,
     I ne loved nevere by no discrecioun,
     But evere folwede myn appetit,
     Al were he short, or long, or blak, or whit.
     I took no kepe, so that he liked me,
     
     How poore he was, ne eek of what degree.
     What sholde I seye, but at the monthes ende
     This joly clerk Jankyn, that was so hende,
     Hath wedded me with greet solempnytee,
     And to hym yaf I al the lond and fee
     
     That evere was me yeven therbifoore;
     But afterward repented me ful soore,
     He nolde suffre nothyng of my list.
     By God, he smoot me ones on the lyst
     For that I rente out of his book a leef,
     
     That of the strook myn ere wax al deef.
     Stibourne I was as is a leonesse,
     And of my tonge a verray jangleresse,
     And walke I wolde, as I had doon biforn,
     From hous to hous, although he had it sworn,
     
     For which he often-tymes wolde preche,
     And me of olde Romayn geestes teche,
     How he Symplicius Gallus lefte his wyf,
     And hir forsook for terme of al his lyf,
     Noght but for open-heveded he hir say,
     
     Lookynge out at his dore, upon a day.
     Another Romayn tolde he me by name,
     That for his wyf was at a someres game
     Withoute his wityng, he forsook hir eke.
     And thanne wolde he upon his Bible seke
     
     That like proverbe of Ecclesiaste,
     Where he comandeth, and forbedeth faste,
     Man shal nat suffre his wyf go roule aboute,
     Thanne wolde he seye right thus, withouten doute:
     "Who so that buyldeth his hous al of salwes,
     
     And priketh his blynde hors over the falwes,
     And suffreth his wyf to go seken halwes,
     Is worthy to been hanged on the galwes!"
     But al for noght, I sette noght an hawe
     Of his proverbes, nof his olde lawe,
     
     Ne I wolde nat of hym corrected be.
     I hate hym that my vices telleth me;
     And so doo mo, God woot, of us than I!
     This made hym with me wood al outrely,
     I nolde noght forbere hym in no cas.
     
        Now wol I seye yow sooth, by seint Thomas,
     Why that I rente out of his book a leef,
     For which he smoot me so that I was deef.
     He hadde a book that gladly, nyght and day,
     For his desport he wolde rede alway.
     
     He cleped it `Valerie and Theofraste,'
     At whiche book he lough alwey ful faste.
     And eek ther was som tyme a clerk at Rome,
     A cardinal that highte Seint Jerome,
     That made a book agayn Jovinian,
     
     In whiche book eek ther was Tertulan,
     Crisippus, Trotula, and Helowys,
     That was abbesse nat fer fro Parys,
     And eek the Parables of Salomon,
     Ovides Art, and bookes many on,
     
     And alle thise were bounden in o volume,
     And every nyght and day was his custume
     Whan he hadde leyser and vacacioun
     From oother worldly occupacioun
     To reden on this book of wikked wyves.
     
     He knew of hem mo legendes and lyves
     Than been of goode wyves in the Bible.
     For trusteth wel, it is an inpossible
     That any clerk wol speke good of wyves,
     But if it be of hooly seintes lyves,
     
     Ne noon oother womman never the mo.
     Who peyntede the leoun, tel me, who?
     By God, if wommen hadde writen stories,
     As clerkes han withinne hire oratories,
     They wolde han writen of men moore wikkednesse
     
     Than all the mark of Adam may redresse.
     The children of Mercurie and Venus
     Been in hir wirkyng ful contrarius,
     Mercurie loveth wysdam and science,
     And Venus loveth ryot and dispence.
     
     And for hire diverse disposicioun
     Ech falleth in otheres exaltacioun,
     And thus, God woot, Mercurie is desolat
     In Pisces, wher Venus is exaltat;
     And Venus falleth ther Mercurie is reysed.
     
     Therfore no womman of no clerk is preysed.
     The clerk, whan he is oold and may noght do
     Of Venus werkes worth his olde sho,
     Thanne sit he doun, and writ in his dotage
     That wommen kan nat kepe hir mariage.
     
        But now to purpos, why I tolde thee
     That I was beten for a book, pardee.
     Upon a nyght Jankyn, that was oure sire,
     Redde on his book as he sat by the fire
     Of Eva first, that for hir wikkednesse
     
     Was al mankynde broght to wrecchednesse,
     For which that Jesu Crist hymself was slayn,
     That boghte us with his herte-blood agayn.
     Lo, heere expres of womman may ye fynde,
     That womman was the los of al mankynde.
     
     Tho redde he me how Sampson loste hise heres,
     Slepynge, his lemman kitte it with hir sheres,
     Thurgh whiche tresoun loste he bothe hise eyen.
     Tho redde he me, if that I shal nat lyen,
     Of Hercules and of his Dianyre,
     
     That caused hym to sette hymself afyre.
     No thyng forgat he the penaunce and wo
     That Socrates hadde with hise wyves two,
     How Xantippa caste pisse up-on his heed.
     This sely man sat stille as he were deed;
     
     He wiped his heed, namoore dorste he seyn
     But, "er that thonder stynte, comth a reyn."
     Of Phasifpha, that was the queene of Crete,
     For shrewednesse hym thoughte the tale swete-
     Fy, speke namoore! it is a grisly thyng
     
     Of hir horrible lust and hir likyng.
     Of Clitermystra for hire lecherye,
     That falsly made hir housbonde for to dye,
     He redde it with ful good devocioun.
     He tolde me eek for what occasioun
     
     Amphiorax at Thebes loste his lyf.
     Myn housbonde hadde a legende of his wyf
     Eriphilem, that for an ouche of gold
     Hath prively unto the Grekes told
     Wher that hir housbonde hidde hym in a place,
     
     For which he hadde at Thebes sory grace.
     Of Lyma tolde he me, and of Lucye,
     They bothe made hir housbondes for to dye,
     That oon for love, that oother was for hate.
     Lyma hir housbonde, on an even late,
     
     Empoysoned hath, for that she was his fo.
     Lucia likerous loved hir housbonde so,
     That for he sholde alwey upon hire thynke,
     She yaf hym swich a manere love-drynke
     That he was deed, er it were by the morwe.
     
     And thus algates housbondes han sorw.
     Thanne tolde he me, how that Latumyus
     Compleyned unto his felawe Arrius,
     That in his gardyn growed swich a tree,
     On which he seyde how that hise wyves thre
     
     Hanged hemself, for herte despitus.
     "O leeve brother," quod this Arrius,
     "Yif me a plante of thilke blissed tree,
     And in my gardyn planted it shal bee."
     Of latter date of wyves hath he red,
     
     That somme han slayn hir housbondes in hir bed,
     And lete hir lecchour dighte hir al the nyght,
     Whan that the corps lay in the floor upright.
     And somme han dryve nayles in hir brayn
     Whil that they slepte, and thus they han hem slayn.
     
     Somme han hem yeve poysoun in hir drynke.
        He spak moore harm than herte may bithynke,
     And therwithal he knew of mo proverbes
     Than in this world ther growen gras or herbes.
     "Bet is," quod he, "Thyn habitacioun
     
     Be with a leoun, or a foul dragoun,
     Than with a womman usynge for to chyde."
     "Bet is," quod he, "hye in the roof abyde
     Than with an angry wyf doun in the hous,
     They been so wikked and contrarious.
     
     They haten that hir housbondes loveth ay."
     He seyde, "a womman cast hir shame away
     Whan she cast of hir smok," and forther mo,
     "A fair womman, but she be chaast also,
     Is lyk a goldryng in a sowes nose."
     
     Who wolde leeve, or who wolde suppose
     The wo that in myn herte was, and pyne?
     And whan I saugh he wolde nevere fyne
     To reden on this cursed book al nyght,
     Al sodeynly thre leves have I plyght
     
     Out of his book, right as he radde, and eke
     I with my fest so took hym on the cheke,
     That in oure fyr he ril bakward adoun.
     And he up-stirte as dootha wood leoun,
     And with his fest he smoot me on the heed
     
     That in the floor I lay, as I were deed.
     And whan he saugh how stille that I lay,
     He was agast, and wolde han fled his way,
     Til atte laste out of my swogh I breyde.
     "O, hastow slayn me, false theef," I seyde,
     
     "And for my land thus hastow mordred me?
     Er I be deed, yet wol I kisse thee."
     And neer he cam and kneled faire adoun,
     And seyde, "deere suster Alisoun,
     As help me God, I shal thee nevere smyte.
     
     That I have doon, it is thyself to wyte,
     Foryeve it me, and that I thee biseke."
     And yet eftsoones I hitte hym on the cheke,
     And seyde, "theef, thus muchel am I wreke;
     Now wol I dye, I may no lenger speke."
     
     But atte laste, with muchel care and wo,
     We fille acorded by us selven two.
     He yaf me al the bridel in myn hond,
     To han the governance of hous and lond,
     And of his tonge, and of his hond also,
     
     And made hym brenne his book anon right tho.
     And whan that I hadde geten unto me
     By maistrie, al the soveraynetee,
     And that he seyde, "myn owene trewe wyf,
     Do as thee lust the terme of al thy lyf,
     
     Keepe thyn honour, and keep eek myn estaat,"
     After that day we hadden never debaat.
     God help me so, I was to hym as kynde
     As any wyf from Denmark unto Ynde,
     And also trewe, and so was he to me.
     
     I prey to God, that sit in magestee,
     So blesse his soule for his mercy deere.
     Now wol I seye my tale, if ye wol heere.
     
     Biholde the wordes bitwene the Somonour and the Frere.
     
     The Frere lough whan he hadde herd al this.-
     "Now dame," quod he, "so have I joye or blis,
     This is a long preamble of a tale."
     And whan the Somonour herde the Frere gale,
     "Lo," quod the Somonour, "Goddes armes two,
     
     A frere wol entremette hym evere-mo.
     Lo goode men, a flye and eek a frere
     Wol falle in every dyssh and eek mateere.
     What spekestow of preambulacioun?
     What, amble, or trotte, or pees, or go sit doun,
     
     Thou lettest oure disport in this manere."
     "Ye, woltow so, sire Somonour?" quod the frere,
     "Now by my feith, I shal er that I go
     Telle of a Somonour swich a tale or two
     That alle the folk shal laughen in this place."
     
     "Now elles, frere, I bishrewe thy face,"
     Quod this Somonour, "and I bishrewe me,
     But if I telle tales two or thre
     Of freres, er I come to Sidyngborne,
     That I shal make thyn herte for to morne,
     
     For wel I woot thy pacience in gon."
     Oure Hooste cride, "Pees, and that anon!"
     And seyde, "lat the womman telle hire tale,
     Ye fare as folk that dronken were of ale.
     Do, dame, telle forth youre tale, and that is best."
     
     "Al redy, sire," quod she, "right as yow lest,
     If I have licence of this worthy frere."
     "Yis, dame," quod he, "tel forth, and I wol heere."
     
     Heere endeth the Wyf of Bathe hir Prologe.
     
     Part 20
     
     THE TALE OF THE WYF OF BATH
     
     Here bigynneth the Tale of the Wyf of Bathe.
     
        In tholde dayes of the Kyng Arthour,
     Of which that Britons speken greet honour,
     All was this land fulfild of Fayerye.
     The elf-queene, with hir joly compaignye,
     Daunced ful ofte in many a grene mede;
     
     This was the olde opinion, as I rede.
     I speke of manye hundred yeres ago;
     But now kan no man se none elves mo,
     For now the grete charitee and prayeres
     Of lymytours, and othere hooly freres,
     
     That serchen every lond and every streem
     As thikke as motes in the sonne-beem,
     Blessynge halles, chambres, kichenes, boures,
     Citees, burghes, castels, hye toures,
     Thropes, bernes, shipnes, dayeryes,
     
     This maketh that ther been no Fayeryes.
     For ther as wont to walken was an elf,
     Ther walketh now the lymytour hymself
     In undermeles and in morwenynges,
     And seyth his matyns and his hooly thynges
     
     As he gooth in his lymytacioun.
     Wommen may go saufly up and doun;
     In every bussh or under every tree
     Ther is noon oother incubus but he,
     And he ne wol doon hem but dishonour.
     
        And so bifel it that this kyng Arthour
     Hadde in his hous a lusty bachelor,
     That on a day cam ridynge fro ryver;
     And happed that, allone as she was born,
     He saugh a mayde walkynge hym biforn,
     
     Of whiche mayde anon, maugree hir heed,
     By verray force he rafte hir maydenhed;
     For which oppressioun was swich clamour
     And swich pursute unto the kyng Arthour,
     That dampned was this knyght for to be deed
     
     By cours of lawe, and sholde han lost his heed,
     Paraventure, swich was the statut tho,
     But that the queene and othere ladyes mo
     So longe preyeden the kyng of grace,
     Til he his lyf hym graunted in the place,
     
     And yaf hym to the queene al at hir wille,
     To chese, wheither she wolde hym save or spille.
     The queene thanketh the kyng with al hir myght,
     And after this thus spak she to the knyght,
     Whan that she saugh hir tyme, upon a day,
     
     "Thou standest yet," quod she, "in swich array
     That of thy lyf yet hastow no suretee.
     I grante thee lyf, if thou kanst tellen me
     What thyng is it that wommen moost desiren.
     Be war and keep thy nekke-boon from iren,
     
     And if thou kanst nat tellen it anon,
     Yet shal I yeve thee leve for to gon
     A twelf-month and a day to seche and leere
     An answere suffisant in this mateere;
     And suretee wol I han, er that thou pace,
     
     Thy body for to yelden in this place."
        Wo was this knyght, and sorwefully he siketh,
     But what! he may nat do al as hym liketh;
     And at the laste he chees hym for to wende,
     And come agayn right at the yeres ende,
     
     With swich answere as God wolde hym purveye;
     And taketh his leve, and wendeth forth his weye.
     He seketh every hous and every place,
     Where as he hopeth for to fynde grace
     To lerne what thyng wommen loven moost;
     
     But he ne koude arryven in no coost
     Wher as he myghte fynde in this mateere
     Two creatures accordynge in feere.
     Somme seyde, wommen loven best richesse,
     Somme seyde honour, somme seyde jolynesse,
     
     Somme riche array, somme seyden lust abedde,
     And oftetyme to be wydwe and wedde.
     Somme seyde, that oure hertes been moost esed
     Whan that we been yflatered and yplesed-
     He gooth ful ny the sothe, I wol nat lye,
     
     A man shal wynne us best with flaterye;
     And with attendance and with bisynesse
     Been we ylymed, bothe moore and lesse.-
     And somme seyn, how that we loven best
     For to be free, and do right as us lest,
     
     And that no man repreve us of oure vice,
     But seye that we be wise, and nothyng nyce.
     For trewely, ther is noon of us alle,
     If any wight wol clawe us on the galle,
     That we nel kike; for he seith us sooth;
     
     Assay, and he shal fynde it that so dooth.
     For be we never so vicious withinne,
     We sol been holden wise, and clene of synne.
     And somme seyn, that greet delit han we
     For to been holden stable and eke secree,
     
     And in o purpos stedefastly to dwelle,
     And nat biwerye thyng that men us telle.
     But that tale is nat worth a rake-stele,
     Pardee, we wommen konne no thyng hele.
     Witnesse on Myda-wol ye heere the tale?
     
     Ovyde, amonges othere thynges smale,
     Seyde, Myda hadde under his longe heres
     Growynge upon his heed two asses eres,
     The whiche vice he hydde, as he best myghte,
     Ful subtilly from every mannes sighte;
     
     That, save his wyf, ther wiste of it namo,
     He loved hir moost and trusted hir also.
     He preyede hir, that to no creature
     She sholde tellen of his disfigure.
     She swoor him nay, for al this world to wynne,
     
     She nolde do that vileynye or synne,
     To make hir housbonde han so foul a name,
     She nolde nat telle it for hir owene shame!
     
     But nathelees, hir thoughte that she dyde,
     That she so longe sholde a conseil hyde,
     
     Hir thoughte it swal so soore aboute hir herte
     That nedely som word hir moste asterte.
     And sith she dorste telle it to no man,
     Doun to a mareys faste by she ran,
     Til she came there, hir herte was afyre,
     
     And as a bitore bombleth in the myre,
     She leyde hir mouth unto the water doun;-
     "Biwreye me nat, thou water, with thy soun,"
     Quod she, "to thee I telle it and namo,
     Myn housbonde hath longe asses erys two!
     
     Now is myn herte al hool, now is it oute,
     I myghte no lenger kepe it, out of doute."
     Heere may ye se, thogh we a tyme abyde,
     Yet out it moot, we kan no conseil hyde.-
     The remenant of the tale, if ye wol heere,
     
     Redeth Ovyde, and ther ye may it leere.-
        This knyght, of which my tale is specially,
     Whan that he saugh he myghte nat come therby,
     This is to seye, what wommen love moost,
     Withinne his brest ful sorweful was the goost.
     
     But hoom he gooth, he myghte nat sojourne;
     The day was come that homward moste he tourne,
     And in his wey it happed hym to ryde
     In al this care under a forest syde,
     Wher as he saugh upon a daunce go
     
     Of ladyes foure and twenty, and yet mo;
     Toward the whiche daunce he drow ful yerne,
     In hope that som wysdom sholde he lerne.
     But certeinly, er he came fully there,
     Vanysshed was this daunce, he nyste where;
     
     No creature saugh he that bar lyf,
     Save on the grene he saugh sittynge a wyf,
     A fouler wight ther may no man devyse.
     Agayn the knyght this olde wyf gan ryse,
     And seyde, "Sire knyght, heer-forth ne lith no wey;
     
     Tel me what that ye seken, by your fey.
     Paraventure it may the bettre be,
     Thise olde folk kan muchel thyng," quod she.
     "My leeve mooder," quod this knyght, "certeyn,
     I nam but deed, but if that I kan seyn
     
     What thyng it is, that wommen moost desire.
     Koude ye me wisse, I wolde wel quite youre hire."
     "Plight me thy trouthe, heere in myn hand," quod she,
     "The nexte thyng that I requere thee,
     Thou shalt it do, if it lye in thy myght,
     
     And I wol telle it yow, er it be nyght."
     "Have heer my trouthe," quod the knyght, "I grante."
     "Thanne," quod she, "I dar me wel avante,
     Thy lyf is sauf, for I wol stonde therby
     Upon my lyf, the queene wol seye as I.
     
     Lat se which is the proudeste of hem alle,
     That wereth on a coverchief or a calle,
     That dar seye nay of that I shal thee teche.
     Lat us go forth withouten lenger speche."
     Tho rowned she a pistel in his ere,
     
     And bad hym to be glad and have no fere.
        Whan they be comen to the court, this knyght
     Seyde he had holde his day, as he hadde hight,
     And redy was his answere, as he sayde.
     Ful many a noble wyf, and many a mayde,
     
     And many a wydwe, for that they been wise,
     The wueene hirself sittynge as a justise,
     Assembled been, his answere for to heere;
     And afterward this knyght was bode appeere.
     To every wight comanded was silence,
     
     And that the knyght sholde telle in audience
     What thyng that worldly wommen loven best.
     This knyght ne stood nat stille, as doth a best,
     But ot his questioun anon answerde
     With manly voys, that al the court it herde:
     
     "My lige lady, generally," quod he,
     "Wommen desiren to have sovereynetee
     As wel over hir housbond as hir love,
     And for to been in maistrie hym above.
     This is youre mooste desir, thogh ye me kille,
     
     Dooth as yow list, I am heer at youre wille."
     In al the court ne was ther wyf ne mayde
     Ne wydwe that contraried that he sayde,
     But seyden he was worthy han his lyf.
     And with that word up stirte the olde wyf,
     
     Which that the knyght saugh sittynge in the grene.
     "Mercy," quod she, "my sovereyn lady queene,
     Er that youre court departe, do me right.
     I taughte this answere unto the knyght,
     For which he plighte me his trouthe there,
     
     The firste thyng I wolde of hym requere,
     He wolde it do, if it lay in his myght.
     Bifor the court thanne preye I thee, sir knyght,"
     Quod she, "that thou me take unto thy wyf,
     For wel thou woost that I have kept thy lyf.
     
     If I seye fals, sey nay, upon thy fey!"
     This knyght answerde, "Allas and weylawey!
     I woot right wel that swich was my biheste!
     For Goddes love, as chees a newe requeste,
     Taak al my good, and lat my body go!"
     
     "Nay, thanne," quod she, "I shrewe us bothe two,
     For thogh that I be foul, and oold, and poore,
     I nolde for al the metal, ne for oore,
     That under erthe is grave, or lith above,
     But if thy wyf I were, and eek thy love."
     
     "My love?" quod he, "nay, my dampnacioun!
     Allas, that any of my nacioun
     Sholde evere so foule disparaged be!"
        But al for noght, the ende is this, that he
     Constreyned was, he nedes moste hir wedde,
     
     And taketh his olde wyf, and gooth to bedde.
     Now wolden som men seye, paraventure,
     That for my necligence I do no cure
     To tellen yow the joye and al tharray,
     That at the feeste was that ilke day;
     
     To whiche thyng shortly answere I shal.
     I seye, ther nas no joye ne feeste at al,
     Ther nas but hevynesse and muche sorwe,
     For prively he wedde hir on a morwe,
     And al day after hidde hym as an owle,
     
     So wo was hym, his wyf looked so foule.
     Greet was the wo the knyght hadde in his thoght,
     Whan he was with his wyf abedde ybroght,
     He walweth and he turneth to and fro.
     His olde wyf lay smylynge everemo,
     
     And seyde, "O deere housbonde, benedicitee,
     Fareth every knyght thus with his wyf, as ye?
     Is this the lawe of Kyng Arthures hous?
     Is every knyght of his so dangerous?
     I am youre owene love, and eek your wyf;
     
     I am she which that saved hath youre lyf.
     And certes, yet dide I yow nevere unright;
     Why fare ye thus with me this firste nyght?
     Ye faren lyk a man had lost his wit.
     What is my gilt? for Goddes love, tel it,
     
     And it shal been amended, if I may."
     "Amended," quod this knyght, "allas! nay! nay!
     It wol nat been amended nevere mo;
     Thou art so loothly and so oold also
     And therto comen of so lough a kynde,
     
     That litel wonder is thogh I walwe and wynde.
     So wolde God, myn herte wolde breste!"
     "Is this," quod she, "the cause of youre unreste?"
     "Ye certeinly," quod he, "no wonder is!"
     "Now, sire," quod she, "I koude amende al this,
     
     If that me liste, er it were dayes thre,
     So wel ye myghte bere yow unto me.
        But for ye speken of swich gentillesse
     As is descended out of old richesse,
     That therfore sholden ye be gentil men,
     
     Swich arrogance nis nat worth an hen.
     Looke who that is moost vertuous alway,
     Pryvee and apert, and moost entendeth ay
     To do the gentil dedes that he kan,
     Taak hym for the grettest gentil-man.
     
     Crist wole, we clayme of hym oure gentillesse,
     Nat of oure eldres for hire old richesse.
     For thogh they yeve us al hir heritage,
     For which we clayme to been of heigh parage,
     Yet may they nat biquethe for no thyng
     
     To noon of us hir vertuous lyvyng,
     That made hem gentil men ycalled be,
     And bad us folwen hem in swich degree.
     Wel kan the wise poete of Florence,
     That highte Dant, speken in this sentence.
     
     Lo in swich maner rym is Dantes tale:
     `Ful selde upriseth by his branches smale
     Prowesse of man, for God of his goodnesse
     Wole, that of hym we clayme oure gentillesse.'
     For of oure eldres may we no thyng clayme
     
     But temporel thyng, that man may hurte and mayme.
     Eek every wight woot this as wel as I,
     If gentillesse were planted natureelly
     Unto a certeyn lynage doun the lyne,
     Pryvee nor apert, thanne wolde they nevere fyne
     
     To doon of gentillesse the faire office,
     They myghte do no vileynye or vice.
     Taak fyr, and ber it in the derkeste hous
     Bitwix this and the mount of Kaukasous,
     And lat men shette the dores and go thenne,
     
     Yet wole the fyr as faire lye and brenne
     As twenty thousand men myghte it biholde;
     His office natureel ay wol it holde,
     Up peril of my lyf, til that it dye.
        Heere may ye se wel, how that genterye
     
     Is nat annexed to possessioun,
     Sith folk ne doon hir operacioun
     Alwey, as dooth the fyr, lo, in his kynde.
     For God it woot, men may wel often fynde
     A lordes sone do shame and vileynye,
     
     And he that wole han pris of his gentrye,
     For he was boren of a gentil hous,
     And hadde hise eldres noble and vertuous,
     And nel hym-selven do no gentil dedis,
     Ne folwen his gentil auncestre that deed is,
     
     He nys nat gentil, be he duc or erl;
     For vileyns synful dedes make a cherl.
     For gentillesse nys but renomee
     Of thyne auncestres for hire heigh bountee,
     Which is a strange thyng to thy persone.
     
     Thy gentillesse cometh fro God allone,
     Thanne comth oure verray gentillesse of grace,
     It was no thyng biquethe us with oure place.
     Thenketh hou noble, as seith Valerius,
     Was thilke Tullius Hostillius,
     
     That out of poverte roos to heigh noblesse.
     Reedeth Senek, and redeth eek Boece,
     Ther shul ye seen expres that it no drede is,
     That he is gentil that dooth gentil dedis.
     And therfore, leeve housbonde, I thus conclude,
     
     Al were it that myne auncestres weren rude,
     Yet may the hye God-and so hope I,-
     Grante me grace to lyven vertuously.
     Thanne am I gentil whan that I bigynne
     To lyven vertuously, and weyve synne.
     
        And ther as ye of poverte me repreeve,
     The hye God, on whom that we bileeve
     In wilful poverte chees to lyve his lyf.
     And certes every man, mayden or wyf,
     May understonde that Jesus, hevene kyng,
     
     Ne wolde nat chesen vicious lyvyng.
     Glad poverte is an honeste thyng, certeyn,
     This wole Senec and othere clerkes seyn.
     Who so that halt hym payd of his poverte,
     I holde hym riche, al hadde he nat a sherte;
     
     He that coveiteth is a povre wight,
     For he wolde han that is nat in his myght,
     But he that noght hath, ne coveiteth have,
     Is riche, although ye holde hym but a knave.
     Verray poverte, it syngeth proprely.
     
     Juvenal seith of poverte myrily,
     `The povre man, whan he goth by the weye,
     Bifore the theves he may synge and pleye.'
     Poverte is hateful good, and, as I gesse,
     A ful greet bryngere out of bisynesse;
     
     A greet amender eek of sapience
     To hym that taketh it in pacience.
     Poverte is this, although it seme elenge;
     Possessioun, that no wight wol chalenge.
     Poverte ful ofte, whan a man is lowe,
     
     Maketh his God and eek hymself to knowe;
     Poverte a spectacle is, as thynketh me,
     Thurgh which he may hise verray freendes see.
     And therfore, sire, syn that I noght yow greve,
     Of my poverte namoore ye me repreve.
     
        Now sire, of elde ye repreve me,
     And certes, sire, thogh noon auctoritee
     Were in no book, ye gentils of honour
     Seyn, that men sholde an oold wight doon favour,
     And clepe hym fader for youre gentillesse,
     
     And auctours shal I fynden, as I gesse.
        Now, ther ye seye that I am foul and old,
     Than drede you noght to been a cokewold;
     For filthe and eelde, al so moot I thee,
     Been grete wardeyns upon chastitee;
     
     But nathelees, syn I knowe youre delit,
     I shal fulfille youre worldly appetit."
     "Chese now," quod she, "oon of thise thynges tweye:
     To han me foul and old til that I deye,
     And be to yow a trewe humble wyf,
     
     And nevere yow displese in al my lyf;
     Or elles ye wol han me yong and fair,
     And take youre aventure of the repair
     That shal be to youre hous, by cause of me,
     Or in som oother place may wel be.
     
     Now chese yourselven wheither that yow liketh."
        This knyght avyseth hym and sore siketh,
     But atte laste, he seyde in this manere:
     "My lady and my love, and wyf so deere,
     I put me in youre wise governance.
     
     Cheseth yourself, which may be moost plesance
     And moost honour to yow and me also.
     I do no fors the wheither of the two,
     For, as yow liketh, it suffiseth me."
     "Thanne have I gete of yow maistrie," quod she,
     
     "Syn I may chese and governe as me lest?"
     "Ye, certes, wyf," quod he, "I holde it best."
     "Kys me," quod she, "we be no lenger wrothe,
     For, by my trouthe, I wol be to yow bothe!
     This is to seyn, ye, bothe fair and good.
     
     I prey to God that I moote sterven wood
     But I to yow be al so good and trewe
     As evere was wyf, syn that the world was newe.
     And but I be tomorn as fair to seene
     As any lady, emperice or queene,
     
     That is bitwixe the est and eke the west,
     Dooth with my lyf and deth right as yow lest.
     Cast up the curtyn, looke how that it is."
        And whan the knyght saugh verraily al this,
     That she so fair was, and so yong therto,
     
     For joye he hente hire in hise armes two.
     His herte bathed in a bath of blisse,
     A thousand tyme arewe he gan hir kisse,
     And she obeyed hym in every thyng
     That myghte doon hym plesance or likyng.
     
        And thus they lyve unto hir lyves ende
     In parfit joye;-and Jesu Crist us sende
     Housbondes meeke, yonge, fressh abedde,
     And grace toverbyde hem that we wedde.
     And eek I praye Jesu shorte hir lyves,
     
     That nat wol be governed by hir wyves;
     And olde and angry nygardes of dispence,
     God sende hem soone verray pestilence!
     
     Heere endeth the Wyves tale of Bathe.
     Part 21
     
     PROLOGUE TO THE FRERES TALE
     
     The Prologe of the Freres Tale.
     
        This worthy lymytour, this noble frere,
     He made alwey a maner louryng chiere
     Upon the Somonour, but for honestee
     No vileyns word as yet to hym spak he.
     But atte laste he seyde unto the wyf,
     
     "Dame," quod he, "God yeve yow right good lyf!
     Ye han heer touched, also moot I thee,
     In scole-matere greet difficultee.
     Ye han seyd muche thyng right wel, I seye.
     But dame, heere as we ryde by the weye
     
     Us nedeth nat to speken but of game,
     And lete auctoritees, on Goddes name,
     To prechyng and to scole eek of clergye.
     But if it lyke to this compaignye,
     I wol yow of a somonour telle a game.
     
     Pardee, ye may wel knowe bby the name
     That of a somonour may no good be sayd;
     I praye that noon of you be yvele apayd.
     A somonour is a renner up and doun
     With mandementz for fornicacioun,
     
     And is ybet at every townes ende."
     Oure Hoost tho spak, "A sire, ye sholde be hende
     And curteys, as a man of youre estaat.
     In compaignye we wol have no debaat.
     Telleth youre tale, and lat the Somonour be."
     
     "Nay," quod the Somonour, "lat hym seye to me
     What so hym list.  Whan it comth to my lot,
     By God I shal hym quiten every grot.
     I shal hym tellen which a greet honour
     It is to be a flaterynge lymytour,
     
     And his office I shal hym teele, ywis."
     Oure Hoost answerde, "Pees, namoore of this!"
     And after this he seyde unto the Frere,
     "Tel forth youre tale, leeve maister deere."
     
     THE TALE
     
        (How a Summoner, meeting a devil dressed as a yeoman,
     agrees to share gifts with him as a friend; and is himself
     consigned to the devil by a poor old woman.  Then follow 
     the Summoner's Prologue and Tale of an insult put by a
     goodman upon a greedy friar.)
     Part 22
     
     GROUP E.
     
     THE CLERKES TALE-PROLOGUE
     
     Heere folweth the Prologe of the clerkes tale of Oxenford.
     
     "Sire clerk of Oxenford," oure Hooste sayde,
     "Ye ryde as coy and stille as dooth a mayde,
     Were newe spoused, sittynge at the bord.
     This day ne herde I of youre tonge a word.
     I trowe ye studie about som sophyme;
     
     But Salomon seith, `every thyng hath tyme.'
     For Goddes sake, as beth of bettre cheere;
     It is no tyme for to studien heere,
     Telle us som myrie tale, by youre fey.
     For what man that is entred in a pley,
     
     He nedes moot unto the pley assente;
     But precheth nat as freres doon in Lente,
     To make us for oure olde synnes wepe,
     Ne that thy tale make us nat to slepe.
     Telle us som murie thyng of aventures;
     
     Youre termes, youre colours, and youre figures,
     Keep hem in stoor, til so be that ye endite
     Heigh style, as whan that men to kynges write.
     Speketh so pleyn at this tyme, we yow preye,
     That we may understonde what ye seye."
     
     This worthy clerk benignely answerde,
     "Hooste," quod he, "I am under youre yerde.
     Ye han of us as now the governance;
     And therfore wol I do yow obeisance
     As fer as resoun axeth, hardily.
     
     I wol yow telle a tale, which that I 
     Lerned at Padwe of a worthy clerk,
     As preved by his wordes and his werk.
     He is now deed, and nayled in his cheste;
     I prey to God so yeve his soule reste.
     
     Fraunceys Petrark, the lauriat poete,
     Highte this clerk, whos rethorike sweete
     Enlumyned al Ytaille of poetrie,
     As Lynyan dide of philosophie,
     Or lawe, or oother art particuler.
     
     But deeth, that wol nat suffre us dwellen heer
     But as it were a twynklyng of an eye,
     Hem bothe hath slayn, and alle shul we dye.
        But forth to tellen of this worthy man,
     That taughte me this tale as I bigan,
     
     I seye, that first with heigh stile he enditeth
     Er he the body of his tale writeth,
     A prohemye in the which discryveth he
     Pemond, and of Saluces the contree,
     And speketh of Apennyn, the hilles hye,
     
     That been the boundes of Westlumbardye;
     And of Mount Vesulus in special,
     Where as the Poo out of a welle smal
     Taketh his firste spryngyng and his sours,
     That estward ay encresseth in his cours
     
     To Emeleward, to Ferrare, and Venyse;
     The which a long thyng were to devyse.
     And trewely, as to my juggement, 
     Me thynketh it a thyng impertinent,
     Save that he wole convoyen his mateere;
     But this his tale, which that ye may heere." 
     
     Part 23
     
     THE CLERKES TALE
     
     Heere bigynneth the tale of the Clerk of Oxenford.
     
     Ther is, at the west syde of Ytaille,
     Doun at the roote of Vesulus the colde,
     A lusty playne, habundant of vitaille,
     Where many a tour and toun thou mayst biholde
     That founded were in tyme of fadres olde,
     And many another delitable sighte,
     And Saluces this noble contree highte.
     
     A markys whilom lord was of that lond,
     As were hise worthy eldres hym bifore,
     And obeisant and redy to his hond
     Were alle hise liges, bothe lasse and moore.
     Thus in delit he lyveth, and hath doon yoore,
     Biloved and drad thurgh favour of Fortune,
     Bothe of hise lordes and of his commune.
     
     Therwith he was, to speke as of lynage,
     The gentilleste yborn of Lumbardye;
     A fair persone, and strong, and yong of age,
     And ful of honour and of curteisye,
     Discreet ynogh his contree for to gye,
     Save that in somme thynges that he was to blame,
     And Walter was this yonge lordes name.
     
     I blame hym thus, that he considereth noght
     In tyme comynge what hym myghte bityde,
     But in his lust present was al his thoght,
     As for to hauke and hunte on every syde.
     Wel ny alle othere cures leet he slyde;
     And eek he nolde,-and that was worst of alle-
     Wedde no wyf, for noght that may bifalle.
     
     Oonly that point his peple bar so soore,
     That flokmeele on a day they to hym wente,
     And oon of hem, that wisest was of loore,
     Or elles that the lord best wolde assente,
     That he sholde telle hym what his peple mente,
     Or elles koude he shewe wel swich mateere,
     He to the markys seyde as ye shul heere:
     
     "O noble Markys, youre humanitee
     Asseureth us, and yeveth us hardinesse,
     As ofte as tyme is of necessitee
     That we to yow mowe telle oure hevynesse.
     Accepteth, lord, now for youre gentillesse
     That we with pitous herte unto yow pleyne,
     And lat youre eres nat my voys desdeyne,
     
     Al have I noght to doone in this mateere
     Moore than another man hath in this place;
     Yet for as muche as ye, my lord so deere,
     Han alwey shewed me favour and grace,
     I dar the bettre aske of yow a space
     Of audience to shewen oure requeste,
     And ye, my lord, to doon right as yow leste.
     
     For certes, lord, so wel us liketh yow
     And al youre werk, and evere han doon that we
     Ne koude nat us-self devysen how
     We myghte lyven in moore felicitee,
     Save o thyng, lord, if it youre wille be,
     That for to been a wedded man yow leste,
     Thanne were youre peple in sovereyn hertes reste.
     
     Boweth youre nekke under that blisful yok
     Of soveraynetee, noght of servyse,
     Which that men clepeth spousaille or wedlock;
     And thenketh, lord, among youre thoghtes wyse
     How that oure dayes passe in sondry wyse,
     For thogh we slepe, or wake, or rome, or ryde,
     Ay fleeth the tyme, it nyl no man abyde.
     
     And thogh youre grene youthe floure as yit,
     In crepeth age alwey, as stille as stoon, 
     And deeth manaceth every age, and smyt
     In ech estaat, for ther escapeth noon;
     And al so certein as we knowe echoon
     That we shul deye, as uncerteyn we alle
     Been of that day, whan deeth shal on us falle.
     
     Accepteth thanne of us the trewe entente
     That nevere yet refuseden thyn heeste;
     And we wol, lord, if that ye wole assente,
     Chese yow a wyf in short tyme atte leeste,
     Born of the gentilleste and of the meeste
     Of al this land, so that it oghte seme
     Honour to God, and yow, as we kan deeme.
     
     Delivere us out of al this bisy drede,
     And taak a wyf for hye Goddes sake,
     For if it so bifelle, as God forbede,
     That thurgh your deeth your lyne sholde slake,
     And that a straunge successour sholde take
     Youre heritage, o wo were us alyve!
     Wherfore we pray you hastily to wyve."
     
     Hir meeke preyere and hir pitous cheere
     Made the markys herte han pitee.
     "Ye wol," quod he, "myn owene peple deere,
     To that I nevere erst thoughte, streyne me.
     I me rejoysed of my liberte,
     That seelde tyme is founde in mariage.
     Ther I was free, I moot been in servage.
     
     But nathelees I se youre trewe entente,
     And truste upon youre wit, and have doon at;
     Wherfore of my free wyl I wole assente
     To wedde me, as soone as evere I may.
     But ther as ye han profred me this day
     To chese me a wyf, I yow relesse
     That choys, and prey yow of that profre cesse.
     
     For God it woot, that children ofte been
     Unlyk hir worthy eldres hem bifore.
     Bountee comth al of God, nat of the streen,
     Of which they been engendred and ybore.
     I truste in Goddes bontee; and therfore
     My mariage, and myn estaat and reste,
     I hym bitake, he may doon as hym leste.
     
     Lat me allone in chesynge of my wyf,
     That charge upon my bak I wole endure;
     But I yow preye, and charge upon youre lyf
     That what wyf that I take, ye me assure
     To worshipe hir, whil that hir lyf may dure,
     In word and werk, bothe heere and everywheere,
     As she an emperoures doghter weere.
     
     And forthermoore, this shal ye swere, that ye
     Agayn my choys shul neither grucche ne stryve,
     For sith I shal forgoon my libertee
     At youre requeste, as evere moot I thryve,
     Ther as myn herte is set, ther wol I wyve!
     And but ye wole assente in this manere,
     I prey yow, speketh namoore of this matere."
     
     With hertely wyl they sworen and assenten
     To al this thyng, ther seyde no wight nay,
     Bisekynge hym of grace er that they wenten,
     That he wolde graunten hem a certein day
     Of his spousaille, as soone as evere he may,
     For yet alwey the peple somwhat dredde
     Lest that this markys no wyf wolde wedde.
     
     He graunted hem a day, swich as hym leste,
     On which he wolde be wedded sikerly,
     And seyde he dide al this at hir requeste;
     And they with humble entente, buxomly,
     Knelynge upon hir knees ful reverently
     Hym thonken alle, and thus they han an ende
     Of hir entente, and hoom agayn they wende.
     
     And heerupon he to hise officeres
     Comaundeth for the feste to purveye,
     And to hise privee knyghtes and squieres
     Swich charge yaf, as hym liste on hem leye.
     And they to his comandement obeye,
     And ech of hem dooth al his diligence
     To doon unto the feeste reverence:
     
     Explicit prima pars.
     
     Incipit secunda pars.
     
        Noght fer fro thilke paleys honurable
     Ther as this markys shoop his mariage,
     Ther stood a throop, of site delitable,
     
     In which that povre folk of that village
     Hadden hir beestes and hir herbergage,
     And of hir lobour tooke hir sustenance,
     After that the erthe yaf hem habundance.
     
     Amonges thise povre folk ther dwelte a man
     Which that was holden povrest of hem alle;
     (But hye God somtyme senden kan
     His grace into a litel oxes stalle)
     Janicula men of that throop hym calle.
     A doghter hadde he, fair ynogh to sighte,
     And Grisildis this yonge mayden highte.
     
     But for to speke of vertuous beautee,
     Thanne was she oon the faireste under sonne,
     For povreliche yfostred up was she,
     No likerous lust was thurgh hir herte yronne.
     Wel ofter of the welle than of the tonne
     She drank, and for she wolde vertu plese
     She knew wel labour but noon ydel ese.
     
     But thogh this mayde tendre were of age,
     Yet in the brest of hire virginitee
     Ther was enclosed rype and sad corage;
     And in greet reverence and charitee
     Hir olde povre fader fostred shee.
     A fewe sheepe, spynnynge on feeld she kepte,
     -She wolde noght been ydel, til she slepte.
     
     And whan she homward cam, she wolde brynge
     Wortes, or othere herbes tymes ofte,
     The whiche she shredde and seeth for hir lyvynge,
     And made hir bed ful harde and no thyng softe;
     And ay she kepte hir fadres lyf on lofte
     With everich obeisaunce and diligence
     That child may doon to fadres reverence.
     
     Upon Grisilde, this povre creature,
     Ful ofte sithe this markys caste his eye,
     As he on huntyng rood paraventure.
     And whan it fil that he myghte hire espye,
     He noght with wantowne lookyng of folye
     Hise eyen caste on hir, but in sad wyse,
     Upon hir chiere he wolde hym ofte avyse,
     
     Commendynge in his herte hir wommanhede
     And eek hir vertu, passynge any wight
     Of so yong age, as wel in chiere as dede.
     For thogh the peple hadde no greet insight
     In vertu, he considered ful right
     Hir bountee, and disposed that he wolde
     Wedde hir oonly, if evere he wedde sholde.
     
        The day of weddyng cam, but no wight kan
     Telle what womman that it sholde be,
     For which merveille wondred many a man,
     And seyden, whan that they were in privetee,
     "Wol nat oure lord yet leve his vanytee?
     Wol he nat wedde? allas, allas, the while!
     Why wole he thus hymself and us bigile?"
     
     But nathelees this markys hath doon make
     Of gemmes set in gold and in asure
     Brooches and rynges, for Grisildis sake,
     And of hir clothyng took he the mesure,
     By a mayde lyk to hir stature,
     And eek of othere ornementes alle
     That unto swich a weddyng sholde falle.
     
     The time of undren of the same day
     Approcheth, that this weddyng sholde be;
     And al the paleys put was in array,
     Bothe halle and chambres, ech in his degree;
     Houses of office stuffed with plentee
     Ther maystow seen, of deyntevous vitaille,
     That may be founde as fer as last Ytaille.
     
     This roial markys, richely arrayed,
     Lordes and ladyes in his compaignye,
     The whiche that to the feeste weren yprayed,
     And of his retenue the bachelrye,
     With many a soun of sondry melodye
     Unto the village, of the which I tolde,
     In this array the righte wey han holde.
     
     Grisilde (of this, God woot, ful innocent,
     That for hir shapen was al this array)
     To fecchen water at a welle is went,
     And cometh hoom as soone as ever she may;
     For wel she hadde herd seyd, that thilke day
     The markys sholde wedde, and if she myghte,
     She wolde fayn han seyn som of that sighte.
     
     She thoghte, "I wole with othere maydens stonde,
     That been my felawes, in oure dore, and se
     The markysesse, and therfore wol I fonde
     To doon at hoom as soone as it may be
     The labour, which that longeth unto me, 
     And thanne I may at leyser hir biholde,
     If she this wey unto the castel holde."
     
     And as she wolde over hir thresshfold gon
     The markys cam and gan hire for to calle,
     And she set doun hir water pot anon
     Biside the thresshfold in an oxes stalle,
     And doun up-on hir knes she gan to falle,
     And with sad contenance kneleth stille,
     Til she had herd what was the lordes will.
     
     This thoghtful markys spak unto this mayde
     Ful sobrely, and seyde in this manere,
     "Where is youre fader, O Grisildis?" he sayde,
     And she with reverence in humble cheere
     Answerde, "Lord, he is al redy heere."
     And in she gooth, withouten lenger lette,
     And to the markys she hir fader fette.
     
     He by the hand thanne took this olde man,
     And seyde thus, whan he hym hadde asyde,
     "Janicula, I neither may ne kan
     Lenger the plesance of myn herte hyde;
     If that thou vouchsauf, what so bityde,
     Thy doghter wol I take, er that I wende,
     As for my wyf unto hir lyves ende.
     
     Thou lovest me, I woot it wel certeyn,
     And art my feithful lige man ybore,
     And all that liketh me, I dar wel seyn,
     It liketh thee; and specially therfore
     Tel me that poynt that I have seyd bifore,
     If that thou wolt unto that purpos drawe,
     To take me as for thy sone-in-lawe."
     
     This sodeyn cas this man astonyed so, 
     That reed he wax abayst and al quakyng
     He stood, unnethes seyde he wordes mo,
     But oonly thus, "Lord," quod he, "my willynge
     Is as ye wole, ne ayeyns youre likynge
     I wol no thyng, ye be my lord so deere;
     Right as yow lust governeth this mateere."
     
     "Yet wol I," quod this markys softely,
     "That in thy chambre I and thou and she
     Have a collacioun, and wostow why?
     For I wol axe, if it hir wille be
     To be my wyf, and reule hir after me;
     And al this shal be doon in thy presence,
     I wol noght speke out of thyn audience."
     
     And in the chambre whil they were aboute
     Hir tretys which as ye shal after heere,
     The peple cam unto the hous withoute,
     And wondred hem in how honeste manere
     And tentifly she kepte hir fader deere.
     But outrely Grisildis wondre myghte
     For nevere erst ne saugh she swich a sighte.
     
     No wonder is thogh that she were astoned
     To seen so greet a grest come in that place;
     She nevere was to swiche gestes woned,
     For which she looked with ful pale face-
     But shortly forth this tale for to chace,
     Thise arn the wordes that the markys sayde
     To this benigne verray feithful mayde.
     
     "Grisilde," he seyde, "ye shal wel understonde
     It liketh to youre fader and to me
     That I yow wedde, and eek it may so stonde,
     As, I suppose, ye wol that it so be.
     But thise demandes axe I first," quod he,
     "That sith it shal be doon in hastif wyse,
     Wol ye assente, or elles yow avyse?
     
     I seye this, be ye redy with good herte
     To al my lust, and that I frely may,
     As me best thynketh, do yow laughe or smerte,
     And nevere ye to grucche it nyght ne day,
     And eek whan I sey ye, ne sey nat nay,
     Neither by word, ne frownyng contenance?
     Swere this, and heere I swere yow alliance."
     
     Wondrynge upon this word, quakynge for drede,
     She seyde, "Lord, undigne and unworthy
     Am I to thilke honour, that ye me beede,
     But as ye wole yourself, right so wol I.
     And heere I swere, that nevere willyngly
     In werk ne thoght I nyl yow disobeye,
     For to be deed, though me were looth to deye."
     
     "This is ynogh, Grisilde myn," quod he,
     And forth he gooth with a ful sobre cheere
     Out at the dore, and after that cam she;
     And to the peple he seyde in this manere,
     "This is my wyf," quod he, "that standeth heere;
     Honoureth hir, and loveth hir, I preye,
     Whoso me loveth; ther is namoore to seye."
     
     And for that nothyng of hir olde geere
     She sholde brynge into his hous, he bad
     That wommen sholde dispoillen hir right theere;-
     Of which thise ladyes were nat right glad
     To handle hir clothes, wherinne she was clad-
     But nathelees, this mayde bright of hewe
     Fro foot to heed they clothed han al newe.
     
     Hir heris han they kembd, that lay untressed
     Ful rudely, and with hir fyngres smale
     A corone on hir heed they han ydressed,
     And sette hir ful of nowches grete and smale.
     Of hir array what sholde I make a tale?
     Unnethe the peple hire knew for hir fairnesse
     Whan she translated was in swich richesse.
     
     This markys hath hir spoused with a ryng
     Broght for the same cause, and thanne hir sette
     Upon an hors, snow-whit and wel amblyng,
     And to his paleys, er he lenger lette,
     With joyful peple that hir ladde and mette
     Convoyed hir; and thus the day they spende
     In revel, til the sonne gan descende.
     
     And shortly forth this tale for to chace,
     I seye, that to this newe markysesse
     God hath swich favour sent hir of his grace,
     That it ne semed nat by liklynesse
     That she was born and fed in rudenesse
     As in a cote or in an oxe-stalle,
     But norissed in an emperoures halle.
     
     To every wight she woxen is so deere
     And worshipful, that folk ther she was bore
     And from hir birthe knewe hir yeer by yeere,
     Unnethe trowed they, but dorste han swore
     That she to Janicle, of which I spak bifore,
     She doghter nere, for as by conjecture,
     Hem thoughte she was another creature.
     
     For though that evere vertuous was she,
     She was encressed in swich excellence,
     Of thewes goode, yset in heigh bountee,
     And so discreet and fair of eloquence,
     So benigne, and so digne of reverence,
     And koude so the peples herte embrace,
     That ech hir lovede, that looked on hir face.
     
     Noght oonly of Saluces in the toun
     Publiced was the bountee of hir name,
     But eek biside in many a regioun,
     If oon seide wel, another seyde the same;
     So spradde of hir heighe bountee the fame
     That men and wommen, as wel yonge as olde,
     Goon to Saluce upon hir to biholde.
     
     Thus Walter lowely, nay! but roially
     Wedded with fortunat honestetee,
     In Goddes pees lyveth ful esily
     At hoom, and outward grace ynogh had he,
     And for he saugh that under low degree
     Was ofte vertu hid, the peple hym heelde
     A prudent man, and that is seyn ful seelde.
     
     Nat oonly this Grisildis thurgh hir wit
     Koude al the feet of wyfly humblenesse,
     But eek, whan that the cas required it,
     The commune profit koude she redresse.
     Ther nas discord, rancour, ne hevynesse
     In al that land, that she ne koude apese,
     And wisely brynge hem alle in reste and ese.
     
     Though that hir housbonde absent were anon
     If gentil men, or othere of hir contree
     Were wrothe, she wolde bryngen hem aton.
     So wise and rype wordes hadde she,
     And juggementz of so greet equitee,
     That she from hevene sent was, as men wende,
     Peple to save and every wrong tamende.
     
     Nat longe tyme after that this Grisild
     Was wedded, she a doghter hath ybore-
     Al had hir levere have born a man child;
     Glad was this markys and the folk therfore,
     For though a mayde child coome al bifore,
     She may unto a knave child atteyne
     By liklihede, syn she nys nat bareyne.
     
     Explicit secunda pars.
     
     Incipit tercia pars.
     
        Ther fil, as it bifalleth tymes mo,
     Whan that this child had souked but a throwe,
     This markys in his herte longeth so
     To tempte his wyf, hir sadnesse for to knowe,
     That he ne myghte out of his herte throwe
     This merveillous desir his wyf tassaye.
     Nedelees, God woot, he thoghte hir for taffraye.
     
     He hadde assayed hir ynogh bifore,
     And foond hir evere good; what neded it
     Hir for to tempte and alwey moore and moore?
     Though som men preise it for a subtil wit,
     But as for me, I seye that yvele it sit
     To assaye a wyf, whan that it is no nede,
     And putten hir in angwyssh and in drede.
     
     For which this markys wroghte in this manere;
     He cam allone a nyght, ther as she lay,
     With stierne face and with ful trouble cheere,
     And seyde thus, "Grisilde," quod he, "that day
     That I yow took out of your povere array,
     And putte yow in estaat of heigh noblesse,
     Ye have nat that forgeten, as I gesse.
     
     I seye, Grisilde, this present dignitee
     In which that I have put yow, as I trowe
     Maketh yow nat foryetful for to be
     That I yow took in povre estaat ful lowe
     For any wele ye moot youreselven knowe.
     Taak heede of every word that y yow seye,
     Ther is no wight that hereth it but we tweye.
     
     Ye woot yourself wel how that ye cam heere
     Into this hous, it is nat longe ago.
     And though to me that ye be lief and deere,
     Unto my gentils ye be no thyng so.
     They seyn, to hem it is greet shame and wo
     For to be subgetz, and to been in servage,
     To thee that born art of a smal village.
     
     And namely, sith thy doghter was ybore,
     Thise wordes han they spoken, doutelees;
     But I desire, as I have doon bifore,
     To lyve my lyf with hem in reste and pees.
     I may nat in this caas be recchelees,
     I moot doon with thy doghter for the beste,
     Nat as I wolde, but as my peple leste.
     
     And yet God woot, this is ful looth to me!
     But nathelees, withoute youre wityng
     I wol nat doon, but this wol I," quod he,
     "That ye to me assente as in this thyng.
     Shewe now youre pacience in youre werkyng,
     That ye me highte and swore in youre village,
     That day that maked was oure mariage."
     
     Whan she had herd al this, she noght ameved
     Neither in word, or chiere, or countenaunce;
     For as it semed she was nat agreved.
     She seyde, "Lord, al lyth in youre plesaunce,
     My child, and I, with hertely obeisaunce
     Been youres al, and ye mowe save and spille
     Your owene thyng, werketh after youre wille.
     
     Ther may no thyng, God so my soule save,
     Liken to yow, that may displese me,
     Ne I ne desire no thyng for to have,
     Ne drede for to leese save oonly yee;
     This wyl is in myn herte, and ay shal be;
     No lengthe of tyme or deeth may this deface,
     Ne chaunge my corage to another place."
     
     Glad was this markys of hir answeryng,
     But yet he feyned as he were nat so.
     Al drery was his cheere and his lookyng,
     Whan that he sholde out of the chambre go.
     Soone after this, a furlong wey or two,
     He prively hath toold al his entente
     Unto a man, and to his wyf hym sente.
     
     A maner sergeant was this privee man,
     The which that feithful ofte he founden hadde
     In thynges grete, and eek swich folk wel kan
     Doon execucioun on thynges badde.
     The lord knew wel that he hym loved and dradde;-
     And whan this sergeant wiste the lordes wille,
     Into the chambre he stalked hym ful stille.
     
     "Madame," he seyde, "ye moote foryeve it me
     Though I do thyng to which I am constreyned,
     Ye been so wys, that ful wel knowe ye
     That lordes heestes mowe nat been yfeyned,
     They mowe wel been biwailled and compleyned,
     But men moote nede unto hir lust obeye;
     And so wol I, ther is namoore to seye.
     
     This child I am comanded for to take."
     And spak namoore, but out the child he hente
     Despitously, and gan a cheere make
     As though he wolde han slayn it er he wente.
     Grisildis moot al suffren and consente,
     And as a lamb she sitteth meke and stille,
     And leet this crueel sergeant doon his wille.
     
     Suspecious was the diffame of this man,
     Suspect his face, suspect his word also,
     Suspect the tyme in which he this bigan.
     Allas, hir doghter that she loved so!
     She wende he wolde han slawen it right tho;
     But nathelees she neither weep ne syked,
     Consentynge hir to that the markys lyked.
     
     But atte laste speken she bigan,
     And mekely she to the sergeant preyde,
     So as he was a worthy gentil man,
     That she moste kisse hire child, er that it deyde,
     And in hir barm this litel child she leyde,
     With ful sad face, and gan the child to kisse,
     And lulled it, and after gan it blisse.
     
     And thus she seyde in hir benigne voys,
     "Fareweel, my child, I shal thee nevere see,
     But sith I thee have marked with the croys
     Of thilke fader blessed moote thou be,
     That for us deyde upon a croys of tree.
     Thy soule, litel child, I hym bitake,
     For this nyght shaltow dyen for my sake."
     
     I trowe, that to a norice in this cas
     It had been hard this reuthe for to se;
     Wel myghte a mooder thanne han cryd `allas!'
     But nathelees so sad and stidefast was she,
     That she endured al adversitee,
     And to the sergeant mekely she sayde,
     "Have heer agayn your litel yonge mayde."
     
     "Gooth now," quod she, "and dooth my lordes heeste;
     But o thyng wol I prey yow of youre grace,
     That, but my lord forbad yow atte leeste,
     Burieth this litel body in son place
     That beestes ne no briddes it torace."
     But he no word wol to that purpos seye,
     But took the child, and wente upon his weye.
     
     This sergeant cam unto his lord ageyn,
     And of Grisildis wordes and hir cheere
     He tolde hym point for point, in short and pleyn,
     And hym presenteth with his doghter deere.
     Somwhat this lord hath routhe in his manere,
     But nathelees his purpos heeld he stille,
     As lordes doon whan they wol han hir wille;
     
     And bad his sergeant, that he pryvely
     Sholde this child ful softe wynde and wrappe,
     With alle circumstances tendrely,
     And carie it in a cofre or in a lappe,
     But upon peyne his heed of for to swappe
     That no man sholde knowe of his entente,
     Ne whenne he cam, ne whider that he wente.
     
     But at Boloigne to his suster deere,
     That thilke tyme of Panik was Countesse,
     He sholde it take, and shewe hir this mateere,
     Bisekynge hir to doon hir bisynesse
     This child to fostre in alle gentillesse,
     And whos child that it was, he bad hire hyde
     From every wight, for oght that may bityde.
     
     The sergeant gooth, and hath fulfild this thyng,
     But to this markys now retourne we,
     For now gooth he ful faste ymaginyng,
     If by his wyves cheere he myghte se
     Or by hir word aperceyve that she
     Were chaunged, but he nevere hir koude fynde,
     But evere in oon ylike sad and kynde.
     
     As glad, as humble, as bisy in servyse,
     And eek in love, as she was wont to be,
     Was she to hym in every maner wyse,
     Ne of hir doghter noght a word spak she.
     Noon accident for noon adversitee
     Was seyn in hir, ne nevere hir doghter name
     Ne nempned she, in ernest nor in game.
     
     Explicit tercia pars.
     
     Sequitur pars quarta.
     
        In this estaat ther passed been foure yeer
     Er she with childe was; but as God wolde,
     A knave child she bar by this Walter,
     Ful gracious and fair for to biholde.
     And whan that folk it to his fader tolde,
     Nat oonly he, but al his contree, merye
     Was for this child, and God they thanke and herye.
     
     Whan it was two yeer old, and fro the brest
     Departed of his norice, on a day
     This markys caughte yet another lest
     To tempte his wyf yet ofter if he may.
     O, nedelees was she tempted in assay!
     But wedded men ne knowe no mesure,
     Whan that they fynde a pacient creature.
     
     "Wyf," quod this markys, "ye han herd er this
     My peple sikly berth oure mariage;
     And namely sith my sone yboren is,
     Now is it worse than evere in al oure age.
     The murmure sleeth myn herte and my corage,
     For to myne eres comth the voys so smeerte,
     That it wel ny destroyed hath myn herte.
     
     Now sey they thus, `whan Walter is agon,
     Thanne shal the blood of Janicle succede,
     And been oure lord, for oother have we noon.'
     Swiche wordes seith my peple, out of drede,
     Wel oughte I of swich murmur taken heede,
     For certeinly I drede swich sentence,
     Though they nat pleyn speke in myn audience.
     
     I wolde lyve in pees, if that I myghte;
     Wherfore I am disposed outrely
     As I his suster servede by nyghte,
     Right so thenke I to serve hym pryvely.
     This warne I yow, that ye nat sodeynly
     Out of yourself for no wo sholde outreye.
     Beth pacient, and therof I yow preye."
     
     "I have," quod she, "seyd thus, and evere shal,
     I wol no thyng, ne nyl no thyng, certayn,
     But as yow list, naught greveth me at al
     Though that my doughter and my sone be slayn-
     At youre comandement, this is to sayn-
     I have noght had no part of children tweyne
     But first siknesse, and after wo and peyne.
     
     Ye been oure lord, dooth with your owene thyng
     Right as yow list, axeth no reed at me;
     For as I lefte at hoom al my clothyng,
     Whan I first cam to yow, right so," quod she,
     "Lefte I my wyl and al my libertee,
     And took youre clothyng, wherfore I yow preye,
     Dooth youre plesaunce; I wol youre lust obeye.
     
     And certes, if I hadde prescience
     Youre wyl to knowe, er ye youre lust me tolde,
     I wolde it doon withouten necligence.
     But now I woot your lust and what ye wolde,
     Al your plesance ferme and stable I holde,
     For wiste I that my deeth wolde do yow ese,
     Right gladly wolde I dyen yow to plese.
     
     Deth may noght make no comparisoun
     Unto youre love!" and whan this markys say
     The constance of his wyf, he caste adoun
     Hise eyen two, and wondreth that she may
     In pacience suffre al this array;
     And forth he goth with drery contenance,
     But ot his herte it was ful greet plesance.
     
     This ugly sergeant, in the same wyse
     That he hir doghter caughte, right so he
     Or worse, if men worse kan devyse,
     Hath hent hir sone, that ful was of beautee,
     And evere in oon so pacient was she,
     That she no chiere maade of hevynesse,
     But kiste hir sone, and after gan it blesse.
     
     Save this, she preyde hym, that if he myghte,
     Hir litel sone he wolde in erthe grave
     His tendre lymes, delicaat to sighte,
     Fro foweles and fro beestes for to save.
     But she noon answere of hym myghte have,
     He wente his wey, as hym nothyng ne roghte,
     But to Boloigne he tendrely it broghte.
     
     This markys wondred evere lenger the moore
     Upon hir pacience, and if that he
     Ne hadde soothly knowen therbifoore
     That parfitly hir children loved she,
     He wolde have wend that of som subtiltee,
     And of malice, or for crueel corage,
     That she hadde suffred this with sad visage.
     
     But wel he knew that next hymself, certayn,
     She loved hir children best in every wyse;
     But now of wommen wolde I axen fayn,
     If thise assayes myghte nat suffise,
     What koude a sturdy housbonde moore devyse
     To preeve hire wyfhod or hir stedefastnesse,
     And he continuynge evere in sturdinesse?
     
     But ther been folk of swich condicioun,
     That whan they have a certein purpos take
     They kan nat stynte of hir entencioun,
     But right as they were bounden to that stake
     They wol nat of that firste purpos slake.
     Right so this markys fulliche hath purposed
     To tempte his wyf, as he was first disposed.
     
     He waiteth, if by word or contenance
     That she to hym was changed of corage;
     But nevere koude he fynde variance,
     She was ay oon in herte and in visage.
     And ay the forther that she was in age,
     The moore trewe-if that it were possible-
     She was to hym in love, and moore penyble.
     
     For which it semed thus, that of hem two
     Ther nas but o wyl; for, as Walter leste,
     The same lust was hir plesance also,
     And, God be thanked, al fil for the beste.
     She shewed wel, for no worldly unreste
     A wyf as of hirself no thing ne sholde
     
     Wille in effect, but as hir housbonde wolde.
     
     The sclaundre of Walter ofte and wyde spradde,
     That of a crueel herte he wikkedly,
     For he a povre womman wedded hadde,
     Hath mordred bothe his children prively.-
     Swich murmure was among hem comunly;
     No wonder is, for to the peples ere
     Ther cam no word, but that they mordred were.
     
     For which, wher as his peple therbifore
     Hadde loved hym wel, the sclaundre of his diffame
     Made hem, that they hym hatede therfore.
     To been a mordrere is an hateful name;
     But nathelees, for ernest ne for game
     He of his crueel purpos nolde stente:
     To tempte his wyf was set al his entente.
     
     Whan that his doghter twelf yeer was of age,
     He to the court of Rome in subtil wyse
     Enformed of his wyl sente his message, 
     Comaundynge hem swiche bulles to devyse
     As to his crueel purpos may suffyse,
     How that the pope as for his peples reste
     Bad hym to wedde another, if hym leste.
     
     I seye, he bad they sholde countrefete
     The popes bulles, makynge mencioun
     That he hath leve his firste wyf to lete
     As by the popes dispensacioun,
     To stynte rancour and dissencioun
     Bitwixe his peple and hym, thus seyde the bulle,
     The which they han publiced atte fulle.
     
     The rude peple, as it no wonder is,
     Wenden ful wel that it hadde be right so;
     But whan thise tidynges cam to Grisildis,
     I deeme that hir herte was ful wo.
     But she, ylike sad for everemo,
     Disposed was, this humble creature,
     The adversitee of Fortune al tendure,
     
     Abidynge evere his lust and his plesance
     To whom that she was yeven, herte and al,
     As to hir verray worldly suffisance.
     But shortly, if this storie I tellen shal,
     This markys writen hath in special
     A lettre, in which he sheweth his entente,
     And secreely he to Boloigne it sente;
     
     To the Erl of Panyk, which that hadde tho
     Wedded his suster, preyde he specially
     To bryngen hoom agayn hise children two,
     In honurable estaat al openly;
     But o thyng he hym preyede outrely,
     That he to no wight, though men wolde enquere,
     Sholde nat telle whos children that they were,
     
     But seye, the mayden sholde ywedded be
     Unto the Markys of Saluce anon.
     And as this Erl was preyed, so dide he;
     For at day set he on his wey is goon
     Toward Saluce, and lordes many oon,
     In riche array this mayden for to gyde,
     Hir yonge brother ridynge hir bisyde.
     
     Arrayed was toward hir mariage
     This fresshe mayde, ful of gemmes cleere;
     Hir brother, which that seven yeer was of age,
     Arrayed eek ful fressh in his manere.
     And thus in greet noblesse, and with glad cheere,
     Toward Saluces shapynge hir journey,
     Fro day to day they ryden in hir wey.
     
     Explicit quarta pars.
     
     Sequitur pars quinta.
     
     Among al this, after his wikke usage,
     This markys yet his wyf to tempte moore
     To the outtreste preeve of hir corage,
     Fully to han experience and loore,
     If that she were as stidefast as bifoore,
     He on a day in open audience
     Ful boistously hath seyd hir this sentence.
     
     "Certes, Grisilde, I hadde ynogh plesance,
     To han yow to my wyf for your goodnesse,
     As for youre trouthe, and for your obeisance-
     Noght for youre lynage, ne for youre richesse;
     But now knowe I, in verray soothfastnesse,
     That in greet lordshipe, if I wel avyse,
     Ther is greet servitute in sondry wyse.
     
     I may nat doon as every plowman may;
     My peple me constreyneth for to take
     Another wyf, and crien day by day,
     And eek the pope, rancour for to slake,
     Consenteth it, that dar I undertake-
     And treweliche thus muche I wol yow seye,
     My newe wyf is comynge by the weye.
     
     Be strong of herte, and voyde anon hir place,
     And thilke dower that ye broghten me
     Taak it agayn, I graunte it of my grace.
     Retourneth to youre fadres hous," quod he;
     "No man may alwey han prosperitee.
     With evene herte I rede yow tendure
     This strook of Fortune or of aventure."
     
     And she answerde agayn in pacience,
     "My lord," quod she, "I woot and wiste alway
     How that bitwixen youre magnificence
     And my poverte, no wight kan ne may
     Maken comparisoun, it is no nay.
     I ne heeld me nevere digne in no manere
     To be your wyf, no, ne youre chamberere.
     
     And in this hous ther ye me lady maade,
     The heighe God take I for my witnesse,
     And also wysly he my soule glaade,
     I nevere heeld me lady ne maistresse,
     But humble servant to youre worthynesse,
     And evere shal whil that my lyf may dure
     Aboven every worldly creature.
     
     That ye so longe of youre benignitee
     Han holden me in honour and nobleye,
     Wher as I was noght worthy for to bee,
     That thonke I God and yow, to whom I preye
     Foryelde it yow; ther is namoore to seye.
     Unto my fader gladly wol I wende,
     And with hym dwelle unto my lyves ende.
     
     Ther I was fostred of a child ful smal,
     Til I be deed, my lyf ther wol I lede,
     A wydwe clene in body, herte, and al,
     For sith I yaf to yow my maydenhede
     And am youre trewe wyf, it is no drede,
     God shilde swich a lordes wyf to take
     Another man, to housbonde or to make.
     
     And of youre newe wyf, God of his grace
     So graunte yow wele and prosperitee,
     For I wol gladly yelden hir my place
     In which that I was blisful wont to bee.
     For sith it liketh yow my lord," quod shee,
     "That whilom weren al myn hertes reste,
     That I shal goon, I wol goon whan yow leste.
     
     But ther as ye me profre swich dowaire
     As I first broghte, it is wel in my mynde
     It were my wrecched clothes, no thyng faire,
     The whiche to me were hard now for to fynde.
     O goode God! how gentil and how kynde
     Ye semed by youre speche and youre visage
     The day that maked was oure mariage!
     
     But sooth is seyd, algate I fynde it trewe,
     (For in effect it preeved is on me)
     Love is noght oold, as whan that it is newe,
     But certes, lord, for noon adversitee,
     To dyen in the cas it shal nat bee
     That evere in word or werk I shal repente
     That I yow yaf myn herte in hool entente.
     
     My lord, ye woot that in my fadres place
     Ye dide me streepe out of my povre weede,
     And richely me cladden of youre grace.
     To yow broghte I noght elles, out of drede,
     But feith, and nakednesse, and maydenhede.
     And heere agayn my clothyng I restoore,
     And eek my weddyng ryng for everemo.
     
     The remenant of youre jueles redy be
     In-with youre chambre, dar I saufly sayn.
     Naked out of my fadres hous," quod she,
     "I cam, and naked moot I turne agayn.
     Al your plesance wol I folwen fayn,
     But yet I hope it be nat your entente
     That I smoklees out of your paleys wente.
     
     Ye koude nat doon so dishoneste a thyng,
     That thilke wombe in which your children leye,
     Sholde biforn the peple in my walkyng
     Be seyn al bare; wherfore I yow preye,
     Lat me nat lyk a worm go by the weye!
     Remembre yow, myn owene lord so deere,
     I was your wyf, though I unworthy weere.
     
     Wherfore, in gerdoun of my maydenhede
     Which that I broghte, and noght agayn I bere,
     As voucheth sauf to yeve me to my meede
     But swich a smok as I was wont to were,
     That I therwith may wrye the wombe of here
     That was your wyf, and heer take I my leeve
     Of yow, myn owene lord, lest I yow greve."
     
     "The smok," quod he, "that thou hast on thy bak,
     Lat it be stille, and bere it forth with thee."
     But wel unnethes thilke word he spak,
     But wente his wey for routhe and for pitee.
     Biforn the folk hirselven strepeth she,
     And in hir smok, with heed and foot al bare,
     Toward hir fader hous forth is she fare.
     
     The folk hir folwe, wepynge in hir weye,
     And Fortune ay they cursen, as they goon.
     But she fro wepyng kepte hir eyen dreye,
     Ne in this tyme word ne spak she noon.
     Hir fader, that this tidynge herde anoon,
     Curseth the day and tyme that nature
     Shoop hym to been a lyves creature.
     
     For out of doute this olde povre man
     Was evere in suspect of hir mariage,
     For evere he demed, sith that it bigan,
     That whan the lord fulfild hadde his corage,
     Hym wolde thynke it were a disparage
     To his estaat, so lowe for talighte,
     And voyden hir as soone as ever he myghte.
     
     Agayns his doghter hastiliche goth he,
     For he by noyse of folk knew hir comynge,
     And with hir olde coote, as it myghte be,
     He covered hir, ful sorwefully wepynge,
     But on hir body myghte he it nat brynge.
     For rude was the clooth, and moore of age
     By dayes fele, than at hir mariage.
     
     Thus with hir fader for a certeyn space
     Dwelleth this flour of wyfly pacience,
     That neither by hir wordes ne hir face,
     Biforn the folk ne eek in hir absence,
     Ne shewed she that hir was doon offence,
     Ne of hir heighe estaat no remembraunce
     Ne hadde she, as by hir contenaunce.
     
     No wonder is, for in hir grete estaat
     Hir goost was evere in pleyn humylitee.
     No tendre mouth, noon herte delicaat,
     No pompe, no semblant of roialtee,
     But ful of pacient benyngnytee,
     Discreet and pridelees, ay honurable,
     And to hir housbonde evere meke and stable.
     
     Men speke of Job, and moost for his humblesse,
     As clerkes whan hem list konne wel endite,
     Namely of men; but as in soothfastnesse,
     Though clerkes preise wommen but a lite,
     Ther kan no man in humblesse hym acquite,
     As womman kan, ne kan been half so trewe
     As wommen been, but it be falle of newe.
     
     (Pars sexta.)
     
     Fro Boloigne is this Erl of Panyk come,
     Of which the fame up sprang to moore and lesse,
     And in the peples eres, alle and some,
     Was kouth eek that a newe markysesse
     He with hym broghte, in swich pompe and richesse,
     That nevere was ther seyn with mannes eye
     So noble array in al Westlumbardye.
     
     The markys, which that shoop and knew al this,
     Er that thise Erl was come, sente his message
     For thilke sely povre Grisildis;
     And she with humble herte and glad visage,
     Nat with no swollen thoght in hire corage
     Cam at his heste, and on hir knees hire sette,
     And reverently and wysely she hym grette.
     
     "Grisilde," quod he, "my wyl is outrely
     This mayden, that shal wedded been to me,
     Received be to morwe as roially
     As it possible is in myn hous to be;
     And eek that every wight in his degree
     Have hsi estaat in sittyng and servyse
     And heigh plesaunce, as I kan best devyse.
     
     I have no wommen, suffisaunt, certayn,
     The chambres for tarraye in ordinaunce
     After my lust, and therfore wolde I fayn
     That thyn were al swich manere governaunce;
     Thou knowest eek of olde al my plesaunce,
     Thogh thyn array be badde and yvel biseye,
     Do thou thy devoir at the leeste weye."
     
     "Nat oonly lord, that I am glad," quod she,
     "To doon your lust, but I desire also
     Yow for to serve and plese in my degree
     Withouten feyntyng, and shal everemo.
     Ne nevere, for no wele ne no wo,
     Ne shal the goost withinne myn herte stente
     To love yow best with al my trewe entente."
     
     And with that word she gan the hous to dighte,
     And tables for to sette, and beddes make,
     And peyned hir to doon al that she myghte,
     Preyynge the chambereres for Goddes sake
     To hasten hem, and faste swepe and shake,
     And she, the mooste servysable of alle,
     Hath every chambre arrayed, and his halle.
     
     Abouten undren gan this Erl alighte,
     That with hym broghte thise noble children tweye,
     For which the peple ran to seen the sighte
     Of hir array, so richely biseye;
     And thanne at erst amonges hem they seye,
     That Walter was no fool, thogh that hym leste
     To chaunge his wyf, for it was for the beste.
     
     "For she is fairer," as they deemen alle,
     "Than is Grisilde, and moore tendre of age,
     And fairer fruyt bitwene hem sholde falle,
     And moore plesant for hir heigh lynage."
     Hir brother eek so faire was of visage,
     That hem to seen the peple hath caught plesaunce,
     Commendynge now the markys governaunce.
     
        O stormy peple, unsad and evere untrewe!
     Ay undiscreet and chaungynge as a vane,
     Delitynge evere in rumbul that is newe;
     For lyk the moone ay wexe ye and wane,
     Ay ful of clappyng, deere ynogh a jane,
     Youre doom is fals, youre constance yvele preeveth,
     A ful greet fool is he that on yow leeveth!
     
     Thus seyden sadde folk in that citee,
     Whan that the peple gazed up and doun,
     For they were glad right for the noveltee
     To han a newe lady of hir toun.
     Namoore of this make I now mencioun,
     But to Grisilde agayn wol I me dresse,
     And telle hir constance and hir bisynesse.
     
     Ful bisy was Grisilde in every thyng
     That to the feeste was apertinent.
     Right noght was she abayst of hir clothyng,
     Thogh it were rude and somdeel eek torent,
     But with glad cheere to the yate is went
     With oother folk to greete the markysesse,
     And after that dooth forth hir bisynesse.
     
     With so glad chiere hise gestes she receyveth,
     And konnyngly everich in his degree,
     That no defaute no man aperceyveth,
     But ay they wondren what she myghte bee
     That in so povre array was for to see,
     And koude swich honour and reverence;
     And worhtily they preisen hire prudence.
     
     In al this meenewhile she ne stente
     This mayde and eek hir brother to commende
     With al hir herte, in ful benyngne entente,
     So wel that no man koude hir pris amende
     But atte laste, whan that thise lordes wende
     To sitten doun to mete, he gan to calle
     Grisilde, as she was bisy in his halle.
     
     "Grisilde," quod he, as it were in his pley,
     "How liketh thee my wyf and hir beautee?"
     "Right wel," quod she, "my lord, for in good fey
     A fairer saugh I nevere noon than she.
     I prey to God yeve hir prosperitee,
     And so hope I that he wol to yow sende
     Plesance ynogh unto youre lyves ende.
     
     O thyng biseke I yow, and warne also
     That ye ne prikke with no tormentynge
     This tendre mayden, as ye han doon mo;
     For she is fostred in hir norissynge
     Moore tendrely, and to my supposynge
     She koude nat adversitee endure,
     As koude a povre fostred creature."
     
     And whan this Walter saugh hir pacience,
     Hir glade chiere, and no malice at al,
     And he so ofte had doon to hir offence
     And she ay sad and constant as a wal,
     Continuynge evere hir innocence overal,
     This sturdy markys gan his herte dresse
     To rewen upon hir wyfly stedfastnesse.
     
     "This is ynogh Grisilde myn," quod he,
     "Be now namoore agast, ne yvele apayed.
     I have thy feith and thy benyngnytee
     As wel as evere womman was, assayed
     In greet estaat, and povreliche arrayed;
     Now knowe I, goode wyf, thy stedfastnesse!"
     And hir in armes took, and gan hir kesse.
     
     And she for wonder took of it no keep.
     She herde nat, what thyng he to hir seyde.
     She ferde as she had stert out of a sleep,
     Til she out of hire mazednesse abreyde.
     "Grisilde," quod he, "by God that for us deyde,
     Thou art my wyf, ne noon oother I have,
     Ne nevere hadde, as God my soule save.
     
     
     This is thy doghter which thou hast supposed
     To be my wyf; that oother feithfully
     Shal be myn heir, as I have ay purposed;
     Thou bare hym in thy body trewely.
     At Boloigne have I kept hem prively.
     Taak hem agayn, for now maystow nat seye
     That thou hast lorn noon of thy children tweye.
     
     And folk that ootherweys han seyd of me,
     I warne hem wel that I have doon this deede
     For no malice, ne for no crueltee,
     But for tassaye in thee thy wommanheede,
     And not to sleen my clildren, God forbeede!
     But for to kepe hem pryvely and stille,
     Til I thy purpos knewe and al thy wille."
     
     Whan she this herde, aswowne doun she falleth
     For pitous joye, and after hir swownynge
     She bothe hir yonge children unto hir calleth,
     And in hir armes pitously wepynge
     Embraceth hem, and tendrely kissynge
     Ful lyk a mooder, with hir salte teeres
     She bathed bothe hir visage and hir heeres.
     
     O, which a pitous thyng it was to se
     Hir swownyng, and hir humble voys to heere!
     "Grauntmercy, lord, that thanke I yow," quod she,
     "That ye han saved me my children deere.
     Now rekke I nevere to been deed right heere.
     Sith I stonde in your love and in your grace,
     No fors of deeth, ne whan my spirit pace!
     
     O tendre, O deere, O yonge children myne!
     Your woful mooder wende stedfastly
     That crueel houndes, or som foul vermyne
     Hadde eten yow; but God of his mercy
     And youre benyngne fader tendrely
     Hath doon yow kept," and in that same stounde
     Al sodeynly she swapte adoun to grounde.
     
     And in hir swough so sadly holdeth she
     Hir children two, whan she gan hem tembrace,
     That with greet sleighte and greet difficultee
     The children from hir arm they gonne arace.
     O many a teere on many a pitous face
     Doun ran, of hem that stooden hir bisyde;
     Unnethe abouten hir myghte they abyde.
     
     Walter hir gladeth, and hir sorwe slaketh,
     She riseth up abaysed from hir traunce,
     And every wight hir joye and feeste maketh,
     Til she hath caught agayn hir contenaunce.
     Walter hir dooth so feithfully plesaunce,
     That it was deyntee for to seen the cheere.
     Bitwixe hem two, now they been met yfeere.
     
     Thise ladyes, whan that they hir tyme say,
     Han taken hir and into chambre gon,
     And strepen hir out of hir rude array
     And in a clooth of gold that brighte shoon,
     With a coroune of many a riche stoon
     Upon hir heed, they into halle hir broghte,
     And ther she was honured as hir oghte.
     
     Thus hath this pitous day a blisful ende,
     For every man and womman dooth his myght
     This day in murthe and revel to dispende,
     Til on the welkne shoon the sterres lyght.
     
     For moore solempne in every mannes syght
     This feste was, and gretter of costage,
     Than was the revel of hire mariage.
     
        Ful many a yeer in heigh prosperitee
     Lyven thise two in concord and in reste.
     And richely his doghter maryed he
     Unto a lord, oon of the worthieste
     Of al Ytaille, and thanne in pees and reste
     His wyves fader in his court he kepeth,
     Til that the soule out of his body crepeth.
     
     His sone succedeth in his heritage
     In reste and pees, after his fader day,
     And fortunat was eek in mariage-
     Al putte he nat his wyf in greet assay;
     This world is nat so strong, it is no nay,
     As it hath been of olde tymes yoore.
     And herkneth what this auctour seith therfore.
     
     This storie is seyd, nat for that wyves sholde
     Folwen Grisilde as in humylitee,
     For it were inportable though they wolde,
     But for that every wight in his degree
     Sholde be constant in adversitee
     As was Grisilde.  Therfore Petrark writeth
     This storie, which with heigh stile he enditeth.
     
     For sith a womman was so pacient
     Unto a mortal man, wel moore us oghte
     Receyven al in gree that God us sent.
     For greet skile is, he preeve that he wroghte.
     But he ne tempteth no man that he boghte,
     As seith Seint Jame, if ye his pistel rede;
     He preeveth folk al day, it is no drede,
     
     And suffreth us, as for oure excercise,
     With sharpe scourges of adversitee
     Ful ofte to be bete in sondry wise,
     Nat for to knowe oure wyl, for certes he
     Er we were born knew al oure freletee,
     And for oure beste is al his governaunce.
     Lat us thanne lyve in vertuous suffraunce.
     
        But o word, lordynges, herkneth er I go,
     It were ful hard to fynde nowadayes
     In al a toun Grisildis thre or two,
     For it that they were put to swiche assayes,
     The gold of hem hath now so badde alayes
     With bras, that thogh the coyne be fair at eye,
     It wolde rather breste atwo than plye.
     
     For which, heere for the Wyves love of Bathe,
     Whos lyf and al hir seete God mayntene
     In heigh maistrie, and elles were it scathe,
     I wol with lusty herte fressh and grene
     Seyn yow a song, to glade yow, I wene,
     And lat us stynte of ernestful matere.
     Herkneth my song, that seith in this manere.
     
     Lenvoy de Chaucer.
     
     Grisilde is deed, and eek hir pacience,
     And bothe atones buryed in Ytaille,
     For which I crie in open audience
     No wedded man so hardy be tassaille
     His wyves pacience, in hope to fynde
     Grisildis, for in certein he shal faille.
     
     O noble wyves, ful of heigh prudence,
     Lat noon humylitee youre tonge naille,
     Ne lat no clerk have cause or diligence
     To write of yow a storie of swich mervaille
     As of Grisildis, pacient and kynde,
     Lest Chichivache yow swelwe in hire entraille.
     
     Folweth Ekko, that holdeth no silence,
     But evere answereth at the countretaille;
     Beth nat bidaffed for youre innocence,
     But sharply taak on yow the governaille.
     Emprenteth wel this lessoun in youre mynde
     For commune profit, sith it may availle.
     
     Ye archiwyves, stondeth at defense,
     Syn ye be strong as is a greet camaille.
     Ne suffreth nat that men yow doon offense,
     And sklendre wyves, fieble as in bataille,
     Beth egre as is a tygre yond in Ynde,
     Ay clappeth as a mille, I yow consaille.
     
     Ne dreed hem nat, doth hem no reverence,
     For though thyn housbonde armed be in maille,
     The arwes of thy crabbed eloquence
     Shal perce his brest and eek his aventaille.
     In jalousie I rede eek thou hym bynde,
     And thou shalt make hym couche as doth a quaille.
     
     If thou be fair, ther folk been in presence
     Shewe thou thy visage and thyn apparaille;
     If thou be foul, be fre of thy dispence,
     To gete thee freendes ay do thy travaille,
     Be ay of chiere as light as leef on lynde,
     And lat hym care, and wepe, and wryng, and waille.
     
     Here endeth the Clerk of Oxenford his Tale.
     
     Bihoold the murye wordes of the Hoost.
     
     This worthy clerk, whan ended was his tale,
     Oure hoost seyde, and swoor by goddes bones,
     "Me wyf at hoom had herd this legende ones;
     This is a gentil tale for the nones,
     As to my purpos, wiste ye my wille,-
     But thyng that wol nat be, lat it be stille."
     
     Heere endeth the tale of the Clerk of Oxenford.
     
        (This stanza, perhaps made up by a scribe from other lines
     in Chaucer, is inserted in Ellesmere MS. and elsewhere as a
     link between the Clerk's Tale and the Envoy, ascribed to
     Chaucer.  The Envoy, however, belongs to the Clerk, and the
     stanza seems both spurious and unnecessary.)
     
     Part 24
     
     THE PROLOGUE OF THE MARCHANTES TALE
     
     The Prologe of the Marchantes tale.
     
        "Wepyng and waylyng, care and oother sorwe,
     I knowe ynogh, on even and a morwe,"
     Quod the Marchant, "and so doon othere mo
     That wedded been, I trowe that it be so.
     For wel I woot, it fareth so with me.
     
     I have a wyf, the worste that may be,
     For thogh the feend to hire ycoupled were,
     She wolde hym overmacche, I dar wel swere.
     What sholde I yow reherce in special
     Hir hye malice?  She is a shrewe at al!
     
     Ther is a long and large difference
     Bitwix Grisildis grete pacience
     And of my wyf the passyng crueltee.
     Were I unbounden, al so moot I thee,
     I wolde nevere eft comen in the snare.
     
     We wedded men lyve in sorwe and care;
     Assaye who so wole, and he shal fynde
     I seye sooth, by Seint Thomas of Ynde-
     As for the moore part, I seye nat alle;
     God shilde, that it sholde so bifalle!
     
     Ay, goode Sir Hoost, I have ywedded bee
     Thise monthes two, and moore nat, pardee;
     And yet I trowe, he that al his lyve
     Wyflees hath been, though that men wolde him ryve
     Unto the herte, ne koude in no manere
     
     Tellen so muchel sorwe as I now heere
     Koude tellen of my wyves cursednesse!"
     Now quod our hoost, "Marchant, so God yow blesse,
     Syn ye so muchel knowen of that art, 
     Ful hertely I pray yow telle us part."
     
     "Gladly," quod he, "but of myn owene soore,
     For soory herte I telle may namoore."
     
     THE TALE.
     
        (January, a rich old dotard, who has married May, in spite
     of his friends' objections to the inequality of their ages, is
     deceived by her and his young squire Damian, although Pluto in
     pity restores his lost sight.)
     Part 25
     
     EPILOGUE
     
     The Prologe of the Squieres tale.
     
       "Ey, Goddes mercy!" seyde oure Hooste tho,
     "Now swich a wyf I pray God kepe me fro!
     Lo, whiche sleightes and subtilitees
     In wommen been, for ay as bisy as bees
     Been they us sely men for to deceyve;
     And from a sooth evere wol they weyve,
     By this Marchantes tale it preveth weel.
     But doutelees, as trewe as any steel,
     I have a wyf, though that she povre be,
     But of hir tonge a labbyng shrewe is she.
     And yet she hath an heep of vices mo-
     Ther-of no fors, lat alle swiche thynges go.
     But wyte ye what, in conseil be it seyd,
     Me reweth soore I am unto hire teyd;
     For and I sholde rekenen every vice,
     Which that she hath, ywis, I were to nyce.
     And cause why? it sholde reported be,
     And toold to hir of somme of this meynee;
     Of whom, it nedeth nat for to declare,
     Syn wommen konnen outen swich chaffare.
     And eek my with suffiseth nat therto,
     To tellen al, wherfore my tale is do."
     
     GROUP F.
     
     PROLOGUE TO THE SQUIERES TALE
     
     Squier, come neer, if it your wille be,
     And sey somwhat of love, for certes, ye
     Konnen theron as muche as any man."
     "Nay sir," quod he, "but I wol seye as I kan,
     With hertly wyl, for I wol nat rebelle
     Agayn your lust.  A tale wol I telle,
     Have me excused if I speke amys;
     My wyl is good, and lo, my tale is this."
     
     THE SQUIERES TALE
     
     Heere bigynneth the Squieres Tale.
     
        At Sarray, in the land of Tartarye,
     Ther dwelte a kyng, that werreyed Russye,
     Thurgh which ther dyde many a doughty man.
     This noble kyng was cleped Cambynskan,
     Which in his tyme was of so greet renoun,
     
     That ther was nowher in no regioun
     So excellent a lord in alle thyng.
     Hym lakked noght that longeth to a kyng;
     And of the secte, of which that he was born,
     He kepte his lay, to which that he was sworn;
     
     And therto he was hardy, wys, and riche,
     Pitous, and just, and everemoore yliche,
     Sooth of his word, benigne, and honurable,
     Of his corage as any centre stable,
     Yong, fressh, strong, and in armes desirous
     
     As any bacheler of al his hous.
     A fair persone he was, and fortunat,
     And kepte alwey so wel roial estat
     That ther was nowher swich another man.
     This noble kyng, this Tarte Cambynskan,
     
     Hadde two sones on Elpheta his wyf,
     Of whiche the eldeste highte Algarsyf,
     That oother sone was cleped Cambalo.
     A doghter hadde this worthy kyng also,
     That yongest was, and highte Canacee.
     
     But for to telle yow al hir beautee,
     It lyth nat in my tonge nyn my konnyng.
     I dar nat undertake so heigh a thyng;
     Myn Englissh eek is insufficient.
     
     I moste been a rethor excellent,
     
     That koude hise colours longynge for that art,
     If he sholde hir discryven every part.
     I am noon swich;  I moot speke as I kan.
        And so bifel, that whan this Cambynskan
     Hath twenty wynter born his diademe,
     
     As he was wont fro yeer to yeer, I deme,
     He leet the feeste of his nativitee
     Doon cryen thurghout Sarray his citee,
     The last Idus of March after the yeer.
     Phebus the sonne ful joly was and cleer,
     
     For he was neigh his exaltacioun
     In Martes face, and in his mansioun
     In Aries, the colerik hoote signe.
     Ful lusty was the weder, and benigne,
     For which the foweles agayn the sonne sheene,
     
     What for the sesoun and the yonge grene,
     Ful loude songen hir affecciouns;
     Hem semed han geten hem protecciouns
     Agayn the swerd of wynter, keene and coold.
     This Cambynskan, of which I have yow toold,
     
     In roial vestiment sit on his deys,
     With diademe, ful heighe in his paleys,
     And halt his feeste so solempne and so ryche,
     That in this world ne was ther noon it lyche.
     Of which, if I shal tellen al tharray,
     
     Thanne wolde it occupie a someres day,
     And eek it nedeth nat for to devyse,
     At every cours, the ordre of hire servyse.
     I wol nat tellen of hir strange sewes,
     Ne of hir swannes, nor of hire heronsewes;
     
     Eek in that lond, as tellen knyghtes olde,
     Ther is som mete that is ful deynte holde,
     That in this lond men recche of it but smal-
     Ther nys no man that may reporten al.
     I wol nat taryen yow, for it is pryme,
     
     And for it is no fruyt but los of tyme.
     Unto my firste I wole have my recours.
        And so bifel, that after the thridde cours
     Whil that htis kyng sit thus in his nobleye,
     Herknynge hise mynstrals hir thynges pleye
     
     Biforn hym at the bord deliciously,
     In at the halle dore al sodeynly
     Ther cam a knyght, upon a steede of bras,
     And in his hand a brood mirour of glas,
     Upon his thombe he hadde of gold a ryng,
     
     And by his syde a naked swerd hangyng.
     And up he rideth to the heighe bord.
     In al the hall ne was ther spoken a word
     For merveille of this knyght; hym to biholde
     Ful bisily ther wayten yonge and olde.
     
     This strange knyght, that cam thus sodeynly
     Al armed, save his heed, ful richely,
     Saleweth kyng, and queene, and lordes alle,
     By ordre, as they seten in the halle,
     With so heigh reverence and obeisaunce,
     
     As wel in speche as in contenaunce,
     That Gawayn, with his olde curteisye,
     Though he were comen ayeyn out of Fairye,
     Ne koude hym nat amende with a word.
     And after this, biforn the heighe bord
     
     He with a manly voys seith his message,
     After the forme used in his langage,
     Withouten vice of silable or of lettre.
     And for his tale sholde seme the bettre,
     Accordant to hise wordes was his cheere,
     
     As techeth art of speche hem that it leere.
     Al be it that I kan nat sowne his stile,
     Ne kan nat clymben over so heigh a style,
     Yet seye I this, as to commune entente,
     Thus muche amounteth al that evere he mente,
     
     If it so be that I have it in mynde.
     He seyde, "The kyng of Arabe and of Inde,
     My lige lord, on this solempne day
     Saleweth yow, as he best kan and may;
     And sendeth yow, in honour of your feeste,
     
     By me, that am al redy at your heeste,
     This steede of bras, that esily and weel
     Kan in the space of o dday natureel,
     This is to seyn, in foure and twenty houres,
     Wherso yow lyst, in droghte or elles shoures,
     
     Beren youre body into every place
     To which youre herte wilneth for to pace,
     Withouten wem of yow, thurgh foul or fair.
     Or if yow lyst to fleen as hye in the air
     As dooth an egle, whan that hym list to soore,
     
     
     This same steede shal bere yow evere moore
     Withouten harm, til ye be ther yow leste,
     Though that ye slepen on his bak or reste;
     And turne ayeyn, with writhyng of a pyn.
     He that it wroghte, koude ful many a gyn;
     
     He wayted many a constellacioun
     Er he had doon this operacioun;
     And knew ful many a seel, and many a bond.
     This mirrour eek, that I have in myn hond,
     Hath swich a myght, that men may in it see
     
     Whan ther shal fallen any adversitee
     Unto your regne, or to yourself also,
     And openly who is your freend, or foo.
     And over al this, if any lady bright
     Hath set hir herte in any maner wight,
     
     If he be fals, she shal his tresoun see,
     His newe love, and al his subtiltee
     So openly, that ther shal no thyng hyde.
     Wherfore, ageyn this lusty someres tyde,
     This mirrour and this ryng that ye may see,
     
     He hath sent unto my lady Canacee,
     Your excellente doghter that is heere.
     The vertu of the ryng, if ye wol heere,
     Is this, that if hir lust it for to were
     Upon hir thombe, or in hir purs it bere,
     
     Ther is no fowel that fleeth under the hevene
     That she ne shal wel understonde his stevene,
     And knowe his menyng openly and pleyn,
     And answere hym in his langage ageyn.
     And every gras that groweth upon roote,
     
     She shal eek knowe, and whom it wol do boote,
     Al be hise woundes never so depe and wyde.
     This naked swerd, that hangeth by my syde
     Swich vertu hath, that what man so ye smyte
     Thurghout his armure it wole hym kerve and byte,
     
     Were it as thikke as is a branched ook.
     And what man that is wounded with a strook
     Shal never be hool, til that yow list of grace
     To stroke hym with the plate in thilke place
     Ther he is hurt; this is as muche to seyn,
     
     Ye moote with the plate swerd ageyn
     Strike hym in the wounde, and it wol close.
     This is a verray sooth withouten glose.
     It faileth nat, whils it is in youre hoold."
        And whan this knyght hath thus his tale toold,
     
     He rideth out of halle, and doun he lighte.
     His steede, which that shoon as sonne brighte,
     Stant in the court, as stille as any stoon.
     This knyght is to his chambre lad anoon,
     And is unarmed and unto mete yset.
     
     The presentes been ful roially yfet,
     This is to seyn, the swerd and the mirrour,
     And born anon into the heighe tour
     With certeine officers ordeyned therfore.
     And unto Canacee this ryng was bore,
     
     Solempnely, ther she sit at the table.
     But sikerly, withouten any fable,
     The hors of bras, that may nat be remewed,
     It stant as it were to the ground yglewed.
     Ther may no man out of the place it dryve,
     
     For noon engyn of wyndas ne polyve;
     And cause why, for they kan nat the craft,
     And therfore in the place they han it laft,
     Til that the knyght hath taught hem the manere
     To voyden hym, as ye shal after heere.
     
     Greety was the prees that swarmeth to and fro
     To gauren on this hors, that stondeth so.
     For it so heigh was, and so brood, and long,
     So wel proporcioned for to been strong,
     Right as it were a steede of Lumbardye;
     
     Therwith so horsly and so quyk of eye,
     As it a gentil Poilleys courser were.
     For certes, fro his tayl unto his ere,
     Nature ne art ne koude hym nat amende
     In no degree, as al the peple wende.
     
     But everemoore hir mooste wonder was
     How that it koude go, and was of bras.
     It was a fairye, as al the peple semed.
     Diverse folk diversely they demed;
     As many heddes, as manye wittes ther been.
     
     They murmureden as dooth a swarm of been,
     And maden skiles after hir fantasies,
     Rehersynge of thise olde poetries,
     And seyde that it was lyk the Pegasee,
     The hors that hadde wynges for to flee;
     
     Or elles, it was the Grekes hors Synoun,
     That broghte Troie to destruccioun,
     As men in thise olde geestes rede.
        "Myn herte," quod oon, "is everemoore in drede.
     I trowe som men of armes been therinne,
     
     That shapen hem this citee for to wynne.
     It were right good that al swich thyng were knowe."
     Another rowned to his felawe lowe,
     And seyde, "He lyeth; it is rather lyk
     An apparence ymaad by som magyk,
     
     As jogelours pleyen at thise feestes grete."
     Of sondry doutes thus they jangle and trete,
     As lewed peple demeth comunly
     Of thynges that been maad moore subtilly
     Than they kan in hir lewednesse comprehende;
     
     They demen gladly to the badder ende.
     And somme of hem wondred on the mirrour
     That born was up into the maister tour-
     How men myghte in it swiche thynges se.
     Another answerde, and seyde, "It myghte wel be
     
     Naturelly by composiciouns
     Of anglis and of slye reflexiouns;"
     And seyden, that in Rome was swich oon.
     They speken of Alocen and Vitulon,
     And Aristotle, that writen in hir lyves
     
     Of queynte mirrours and of perspectives,
     As knowen they that han hir bookes herd.
     And oother folk han wondred on the swerd,
     That wolde percen thurgh out every thyng;
     And fille in speche of Thelophus the kyng
     
     And of Achilles with his queynte spere,
     For he koude with it bothe heele and dere,
     Right in swich wise as men may with the swerd,
     Of which right now ye han yourselven herd.
     They speken of sondry hardyng of metal,
     
     And speke of medicynes therwithal,
     And how and whanne it sholde yharded be,
     Which is unknowe, algates unto me.
     Tho speeke they of Canacees ryng,
     And seyden alle, that swich a wonder thyng
     
     Of craft of rynges herde they nevere noon;
     Save that he Moyses, and kyng Salomon
     Hadde a name of konnyng in swich art.
     Thus seyn the peple, and drawen hem apart.
     But nathelees, somme seiden that it was
     
     Wonder to maken of fern asshen glas,
     And yet nys glas nat lyk asshen of fern;
     But for they han knowen it so fern,
     Therfore cesseth hir janglyng and hir wonder.
     As soore wondren somme on cause of thonder,
     
     On ebbe, on flood, on gossomer, and on myst,
     And alle thyng, til that the cause is wyst.
     Thus jangle they, and demen, and devyse,
     Til that the knyg gan fro the bord aryse.
        Phebus hath laft the angle meridional,
     
     And yet ascendynge was the beest roial,
     The gentil Leoun, with his Aldrian,
     Whan that this Tartre kyng, this Cambynskan
     Roos fro his bord, ther that he sat ful hye.
     Toforn hym gooth the loude mynstralcye
     
     Til he cam to his chambre of parementz,
     Ther as they sownen diverse intrumentz
     That it is lyk an hevene for to heere.
     Now dauncen lusty Venus children deere,
     For in the Fyssh hir lady sat ful hye,
     
     And looketh on hem with a freendly eye.
     This noble kyng is set up in his trone;
     This strange knyght is fet to hym ful soone,
     And on the daunce he gooth with Canacee.
     Heere is the revel and the jolitee
     
     That is nat able a dul man to devyse;
     He moste han knowen love and his servyse,
     And been a feestlych man as fressh as May,
     That sholde yow devysen swich array.
     Who koude telle yow the forme of daunces,
     
     So unkouthe and so fresshe contenaunces,
     Swich subtil lookyng and dissymulynges,
     For drede of jalouse mennes aperceyvynges?
     No man but Launcelet, and he is deed.
     Therfore I passe of al this lustiheed;
     
     I sey namoore, but in this jolynesse
     I lete hem, til men to the soper dresse.
        The styward bit the spices for to hye, 
     And eek the wyn, in al this melodye;
     The usshers and the squiers been ygoon,
     
     The spices and the wyn is come anoon,
     They ete and drynke, and whan this hadde an ende,
     Unto the temple, as reson was, they wende.
     The service doon, they soupen al by day;
     What nedeth me rehercen hir array?
     
     Ech man woot wel, that at a kynges feeste
     Hath plentee, to the mooste and to the leeste,
     And deyntees mo than been in my knowyng.
     At after soper gooth this noble kyng,
     To seen this hors of bras, with al the route
     
     Of lordes, and of ladyes hym aboute.
     Swich wondryng was ther on this hors of bras,
     That syn the grete sege of Troie was,
     Ther as men wondreden on an hors also,
     Ne was ther swich a wondryng as was tho.
     
     But fynally, the kyng axeth this knyght
     The vertu of this courser, and the myght;
     And preyde hym to telle his governaunce.
     This hors anoon bigan to trippe and daunce,
     Whan that this knyght leyde hand upon his reyne,
     
     And seyde, "Sire, ther is namoore to seyne,
     But whan yow list to ryden any where,
     Ye mooten trille a pyn, stant in his ere,
     Which I shal telle yow bitwix us two.
     Ye moote nempne hym to what place also,
     
     Or to what contree, that yow list to ryde,
     And whan ye com ther as yow list abyde,
     Bidde hym descende, and trille another pyn,
     (For therin lith theffect of al the gyn)
     And he wol doun descende, and doon youre wille.
     
     And in that place he wol stonde stille,
     Though al the world the contrarie hadde yswore;
     He shal nat thennes been ydrawe ne ybore.
     Or, if yow liste, bidde hym thennes goon,
     Trille this pyn, and he wol vanysshe anoon
     
     Out of the sighte of every maner wight,
     And com agayn, be it day or nyght,
     Whan that yow list to clepen hym ageyn,
     In swich a gyse as I shal to yow seyn,
     Bitwixe yow and me, and that ful soone.
     
     Ride whan yow list; ther is namoore to doone."
     Enformed whan the kyng was of that knyght,
     And hath conceyved in his wit aright
     The manere and the forme of al this thyng,
     Thus glad and blithe this noble doughty kyng
     
     Repeireth to his revel as biforn,
     The brydel is unto the tour yborn,
     And kept among hise jueles, leeve and deere.
     The hors vanysshed, I noot in what manere,
     Out of hir sighte; ye gete namoore of me.
     
     But thus I lete in lust and jolitee
     This Cambynskan, hise lordes festeiynge,
     Til wel ny the day bigan to sprynge.
     
     Explicit prima pars.
     
     Sequitur pars secunda.
     
        The norice of digestioun, the sleepe,
     Gan on hem wynke, and bad hem taken keepe,
     That muchel drynke and labour wolde han reste;
     And with a galpyng mouth hem alle he keste,
     And seyde, "It was tyme to lye adoun,
     
     For blood was in his domynacioun.
     Cherisseth blood, natures freend," quod he.
     They thanken hym, galpynge, by two, by thre,
     And every wight gan drawe hym to his reste,
     As sleep hem bad; they tooke it for the beste.
     
     Hir dremes shul nat been ytoold for me;
     Ful were hir heddes of fumositee,
     That causeth dreem, of which ther nys no charge.
     They slepen til that it was pryme large,
     The mooste part, but it were Canacee;
     
     She was ful mesurable, as wommen be.
     For of hir fader hadde she take leve
     To goon to reste, soone after it was eve.
     Hir liste nat appalled for to be,
     Ne on the morwe unfeestlich for to se:
     
     And slepte hir firste sleepe, and thanne awook;
     For swich a joye she in hir herte took,
     Bothe of hir queynte ryng and hire mirrour,
     That twenty tyme she changed hir colour,
     And in hir sleep right for impressioun
     
     Of hir mirrour she hadde a visioun.
     Wherfore, er that the sonne gan up glyde,
     She cleped on hir maistresse, hir bisyde,
     And seyde, that hir liste for to ryse.
     Thise olde wommen that been gladly wyse,
     
     As hir maistresse answerde hir anon,
     And seyde, "Madame, whider wil ye goon
     Thus erly, for the folk been alle on reste?"
     "I wol," quod she, "arise, for me leste
     No lenger for to slepe; and walke aboute."
     
     Hir maistresse clepeth wommen a greet route,
     And up they rysen wel an ten or twelve.
     Up riseth fresshe Canacee hirselve,
     As rody and bright as dooth the yonge sonne,
     That in the Ram is foure degrees upronne,
     
     Noon hyer was he, whan she redy was;
     And forth she walketh esily a pas,
     Arrayed after the lusty sesoun soote,
     Lightly for to pleye and walke on foote,
     Nat but with fyve or sixe of hir meynee;
     
     And in a trench forth in the park gooth she.
        The vapour, which that fro the erthe glood,
     Made the sonne to seme rody and brood;
     But natheless, it was so fair a sighte
     That it made alle hir hertes for to lighte,
     
     What for the sesoun and the morwenynge,
     And for the foweles that she herde synge;
     For right anon she wiste what they mente
     Right by hir song, and knew al hir entente.
     The knotte, why that every tale is toold,
     
     If it be taried til that lust be coold
     Of hem that han it after herkned yoore,
     The savour passeth ever lenger the moore,
     For fulsomnesse of his prolixitee;
     And by the same resoun thynketh me,
     
     I sholde to the knotte condescende,
     And maken of hir walkyng soone an ende.
     Amydde a tree fordryed, as whit as chalk,
     As Canacee was pleyyng in hir walk,
     Ther sat a faucon over hir heed ful hye,
     
     That with a pitous voys so gan to crye
     That all the wode resouned of hir cry.
     Ybeten hath she hirself so pitously
     With bothe hir wynges, til the rede blood
     Ran endelong the tree ther as she stood,
     
     And evere in oon she cryde alwey and shrighte,
     And with hir beek hirselven so she prighte,
     That ther nys tygre, ne noon so crueel beest
     That dwelleth outher in wode or in forest
     That nolde han wept, if that he wepe koude
     
     For sorwe of hir, she shrighte alwey so loude.
     For ther nas nevere yet no man on lyve
     (If that I koude a faucon wel discryve),
     That herde of swich another of fairnesse,
     As wel of plumage as of gentillesse
     
     Of shape and al that myghte yrekened be.
     A faucon peregryn thanne semed she
     Of fremde land, and everemoore as she stood
     She swowneth now and now for lakke of blood,
     Til wel neigh is she fallen fro the tree.
     
     This faire kynges doghter Canacee,
     That on hir fynger baar the queynte ryng,
     Thurgh which she understood wel every thyng
     That any fowel may in his leden seyn,
     And koude answeren hym in his ledene ageyn,
     
     Hath understonde what this faucoun seyde,
     And wel neigh for the routhe almoost she deyde.
     And to the tree she gooth ful hastily,
     And on this faucoun looketh pitously,
     And heeld hir lappe abrood, for wel she wiste
     
     The faucoun moste fallen fro the twiste,
     Whan that it swowned next, for lakke of blood.
     A longe while to wayten hir she stood,
     Til atte laste she spak in this manere
     Unto the hauk, as ye shal after heere.
     
        "what is the cause, if it be for to telle,
     That ye be in this furial pyne of helle?'
     Quod Canacee unto the hauk above,
     "Is this for sorwe of deeth, or los of love?
     For, as I trowe, thise been causes two
     
     That causeth moost a gentil herte wo.
     Of oother harm it nedeth nat to speke,
     For ye yourself upon yourself yow wreke,
     Which proveth wel, that oother love or drede
     Moot been enchesoun of your cruel dede,
     
     Syn that I see noon oother wight yow chace.
     For love of God as dooth yourselven grace.
     Or what may been your helpe? for west nor est
     Ne saugh I nevere er now no bryd ne beest
     That ferde with hymself so pitously.
     
     Ye sle me with your sorwe, verraily,
     I have of yow so greet compassioun.
     For Goddes love com fro the tree adoun,
     And as I am a kynges doghter trewe,
     If that I verraily the cause knewe
     
     Of your disese, if it lay in my myght
     I wolde amenden it er that it were nyght,
     As wisly helpe me, grete god of kynde!
     And herbes shal I right ynowe yfynde,
     To heele with youre hurtes hastily."
     
        Tho shrighte this faucoun moore yet pitously
     Than ever she dide, and fil to grounde anon
     And lith aswowne, deed, and lyk a stoon,
     Til Canacee hath in hir lappe hir take
     Unto the tyme she gan of swough awake.
     
     And after that she of hir swough gan breyde,
     Right ibn hir hsukes ledene thus she seyde:
     "That pitee renneth soone in gentil herte,
     Fellynge his similitude in peynes smerte,
     Is preved al day, as men may it see,
     
     As wel by werk as by auctoritee.
     For gentil herte kitheth gentillesse.
     I se wel, that ye han of my distresse
     Compassioun, my faire Canacee,
     Of verray wommanly benignytee
     
     That nature in youre principles hath set.
     But for noon hope for to fare the bet,
     But for to obeye unto youre herte free,
     And for to maken othere be war by me,
     As by the whelp chasted is the leoun,
     
     Right for that cause and that condlusioun
     Whil that I have a leyser and a space,
     Myn harm I wol confessen, er I pace."
     And evere whil that oon hir sorwe tolde,
     That oother weep, as she to water wolde,
     
     Til that the faucoun bad hire to be stille;
     And with a syk right thus she seyde hir wille.
     "Ther I was bred, allas, that harde day!
     And fostred in a roche of marbul gray
     So tendrely, that no thyng eyled me;
     
     I nyste nat what was adversitee,
     Til I koude flee ful hye under the sky.
     Tho dwelte a tercelet me faste by
     That semed welle of alle gentillesse,
     Al were he ful of tresoun and falsnesse;
     
     It was so wrapped under humble cheere,
     And under hewe of trouthe in swich manere,
     Under plesance, and under bisy peyne,
     That I ne koude han wend he koude feyne,
     So depe in greyn he dyed his colours.
     
     Right as a serpent hit hym under floures
     Til he may seen his tyme for to byte,
     Right so this god of love, this ypocryte,
     Dooth so hise cerymonyes and obeisaunces,
     And kepeth in semblant alle hise observaunces
     
     That sowneth into gentillesse of love.
     As in a toumbe is al the faire above,
     And under is the corps swich as ye woot,
     Swich was this ypocrite, bothe coold and hoot;
     And in this wise he served his entente,
     
     That-save the feend-noon wiste what he mente;
     Til he so longe hadde wopen and compleyned,
     And many a yeer his service to me feyned,
     Til that myn herte, to pitous and to nyce,
     Al innocent of his corouned malice,
     
     For-fered of his deeth, as thoughte me,
     Upon hise othes and his seuretee,
     Graunted hym love up this condicioun
     That everemoore myn honour and renoun
     Were saved, bothe privee and apert.
     
     This is to seyn, that after his desert
     I yaf hym al myn herte and al my thoght-
     God woot and he, that ootherwise noght!-
     And took his herte in chaunge for myn for ay.
     But sooth is seyd, goon sithen many a day,
     
     `A trewe wight and a theef thenken nat oon.'
     And whan he saugh the thyng so fer ygoon,
     That I hadde graunted hym fully my love,
     In swich a gyse as I have seyd above,
     And yeven hym my trewe herte, as free
     
     As he swoor he his herte yaf to me,
     Anon this tigre ful of doublenesse
     Fil on hise knees, with so devout humblesse,
     With so heigh reverence, and as by his cheere
     So lyk a gentil lovere of manere,
     
     So ravysshed, as it semed, for the joye,
     That nevere Jason, ne Parys of Troye,
     Jason? certes, ne noon oother man
     Syn Lameth was, that alderfirst bigan
     To loven two, as writen folk biforn,
     
     Ne nevere syn the firste man was born,
     Ne koude man, by twenty thousand part,
     Countrefete the sophymes fo his art;
     Ne were worhty unbokelen his galoche,
     Ther doublenesse or feynyng sholde approche,
     
     Ne so koude thonke a wight as he dide me.
     His manere was an hevene for to see
     Til any womman, were she never so wys;
     So peynted he and kembde at point-devys
     As wel hise wordes as his contenaunce
     
     And I so loved hym for his oveisaunce
     And for the trouthe I demed in his herte,
     That if so were that any thyng hym smerte,
     Al were it nevere so lite, and I it wiste,
     Me thoughte I felte deeth myn herte twiste.
     
     And shortly so ferforth this thyng is went,
     That my wyl was his willes instrument;
     This is to seyn, my wyl obeyed his wyl
     In alle thyng as fer as resoun fil,
     Kepynge the boundes of my worship evere.
     
     Ne nevere hadde I thyng so lief, ne levere,
     As hym, God woot! ne nevere shal namo.
        This lasteth lenger than a yeer or two,
     That I supposed of hym noght but good.
     But finally, thus atte laste it stood,
     
     That Fortune wolde that he moste twynne
     Out of that place, which that I was inne.
     Wher me was wo that is no questioun;
     I kan nat make of it discripcioun.
     For o thyng dare I tellen boldely,
     
     I knowe what is the peyne of deeth therby.
     Swich harme I felte, for he ne myghte bileve;
     So on a day of me he took his leve
     So sosrwefully eek, that I wende verraily,
     That he had felt as muche harm as I,
     
     Whan that I herde hym speke, and saugh his hewe.
     But nathelees, I thoughte he was so trewe,
     And eek that he repaire sholde ageyn
     Withinne a litel while, sooth to seyn,
     And resoun wolde eek that he moste go
     
     For his honour, as ofte it happeth so,
     That I made vertu of necessitee,
     And took it wel, syn that it moste be.
     As I best myghte, I hidde fro hym my sorwe,
     And took hym by the hond, seint John to borwe,
     
     And seyde hym thus, `Lo I am youres al.
     Beth swich as I to yow have been, and shal.'
     What he answerde, it nedeth noght reherce,
     Who kan sey bet than he? who kan do werse?
     Whan he hath al wel seyd, thanne hath he doon;
     
     `Therfore bihoveth hire a ful long spoon
     That shal ete with a feend,' thus herde I seye.
     So atte laste he moste forth his weye,
     And forth he fleeth, til he cam ther hym leste.
     Whan it cam hym to purpos for to reste,
     
     I trowe he hadde thilke text in mynde
     That `alle thyng repeirynge to his kynde
     Gladeth hymself;' thus seyn men, as I gesse.
     Men loven of propre kynde newefangelnesse,
     As briddes doon, that men in cages fede,
     
     For though thou nyght and day take of hem hede,
     And strawe hir cage faire and softe as silk,
     And yeve hem sugre, hony, breed, and milk,
     Yet right anon as that his dore is uppe,
     He with his feet wol spurne adoun his cuppe,
     
     And to the wode he wole and wormes ete;
     So newefangel been they of hir mete,
     And loven novelrie of propre kynde.
     No gentillesse of blood ne may hem bynde.
        So ferde this tercelet, allas, the day!
     
     Though he were gentil born, and fressh, and gay,
     And goodlich for to seen, humble and free,
     He saugh upon a tyme a kyte flee,
     And sodeynly he loved this kyte so
     That al his love is clene fro me ago,
     
     And hath his trouthe falsed in this wyse.
     Thus hath the kyte my love in hire servyse,
     And I am lorn withouten remedie."
     And with that word this faucoun gan to crie,
     And swowned eft in Canacees barm.
     
        Greet was the sorwe for the haukes harm
     That Canacee and alle hir wommen made.
     They nyste hou they myghte the faucoun glade;
     But Canacee hom bereth hir in hir lappe,
     And softely in plastres gan hir wrappe,
     
     Ther as she with hir beek hadde hurt hirselve.
     Now kan nat Canacee but herbes delve
     Out of the ground, and make saves newe
     Of herbes preciouse and fyne of hewe,
     To heelen with this hauk; fro day to nyght
     
     She dooth hir bisynesse and al hir myght.
     And by hir beddes heed she made a mewe,
     And covered it with veluettes blewe,
     In signe of trouthe that is in wommen sene.
     And al withoute, the mewe is peynted grene,
     
     In which were ypeynted alle thise false fowles,
     As beth thise tidyves, tercelettes, and owles,
     Right for despit were peynted hem bisyde,
     And pyes on hem for to crie and chyde.
     Thus lete I Canacee hir hauk kepyng;
     
     I wol namoore as now speke of hir ryng,
     Til it come eft to purpos for to seyn
     How that this faucoun gat hire love ageyn
     Repentant, as the storie telleth us,
     By mediacioun of Cambalus,
     
     The kynges sone, of which that I yow tolde.
        But hennesforth I wol my proces holde
     To speken of aventures and of batailles,
     That nevere yet was herd so grete mervailles.
     First wol I telle yow of Cambynskan,
     
     That in his tyme many a citee wan;
     And after wol I speke of Algarsif,
     How that he wan Theodora to his wif,
     For whom ful ofte in greet peril he was,
     Ne hadde he be holpen by the steede of bras;
     
     And after wol I speke of Cambalo
     That faught in lystes with the bretheren two
     For Canacee, er that he myghte hir wynne.
     And ther I lefte, I wol ayeyn bigynne.
     
     Explicit secunda pars.
     
     Incipit pars tercia.
     
     Appollo whirleth up his chaar so hye
     Til that the god Mercurius hous, the slye-
     
     (Unfinished.) 
     Part 26
     
     PROLOGUE TO THE FRANKELEYNS TALE
     
     Heere folwen the wordes of the Frankelyn to the Squier,
           and the wordes of the hoost to the Frankelyn.
     
     "In feith, Squier, thow hast thee wel yquit,
     And gentilly I preise wel thy wit,"
     Quod the Frankeleyn, "considerynge thy yowthe,
     So feelyngly thou spekest, sire, I allow the;
     As to my doom, ther is noon that is heere
     
     Of eloquence that shal be thy peere,
     If that thou lyve-God yeve thee good chaunce,
     And in vertu sende thee continuance!
     For of thy speche I hace greet deyntee;
     I have a sone, and, by the Trinitee,
     
     I hadde levere than twenty pound worth lond,
     Though it right now were fallen in myn hond,
     He were a man of swich discrecioun
     As that ye been; fy on possessioun
     But if a man be vertuous withal!
     
     I have my sone snybbed, and yet shal,
     For he to vertu listneth nat entende,
     But for to pleye at dees, and to despende
     And lese al that he hath, is his usage.
     And he hath levere talken with a page
     
     Than to comune with any gentil wight
     There he myghte lerne gentillesse aright."
     "Straw for youre gentillesse," quod our Hoost,
     "What, Frankeleyn, pardee! sire, wel thou woost
     That ech of yow moot tellen atte leste
     
     A tale or two, or breken his biheste."
     "That knowe I wel, sire," quod the Frankeleyn,
     "I prey yow, haveth me nat in desdeyn
     Though to this man I speke a word or two."
     "Telle on thy tale, withouten wordes mo."
     
     "Gladly, sire Hoost," quod he, "I wole obeye
     Unto your wyl; now herkneth what I seye.
     I wol yow nat contrarien in no wyse
     As fer as that my wittes wol suffyse;
     I prey to God that it may plesen yow,
     Thanne woot I wel that it is good ynow."
     
     THE FRANKELEYNS TALE
     
     The prologe of the Frankeleyns tale.
     
     Thise olde gentil Britouns in hir dayes
     Of diverse aventures maden layes,
     Rymeyed in hir firste Briton tonge;
     Whiche layes with hir instrumentz they songe,
     Or elles redden hem, for hir plesaunce.
     
     And oon of hem have I in remembraunce,
     Which I shal seyn, with good-wyl, as I kan.
     But sires, by cause I am a burel man,
     At my bigynnyng first I yow biseche,
     Have me excused of my rude speche.
     
     I lerned nevere rethorik, certeyn;
     Thyng that I speke, it moot be bare and pleyn.
     I sleep nevere on the Mount of Parnaso,
     Ne lerned Marcus Tullius Scithero.
     Colours ne knowe I none, withouten drede,
     
     But swiche colours as growen in the mede,
     Or elles swiche, as men dye or peynte.
     Colours of rethoryk been me to queynte,
     My spirit feeleth noght of swich mateere;
     But if yow list, my tale shul ye heere.
     
     Heere bigynneth the Frankeleyns tale.
     
     In Armorik, that called is Britayne,
     Ther was a knyght that loved and dide his payne
     To serve a lady in his beste wise;
     And many a labour, many a greet emprise,
     He for his lady wroghte, er she were wonne.
     
     For she was oon the faireste under sonne,
     And eek therto comen of so heigh kynrede
     That wel unnethes dorste this knyght for drede
     Telle hir his wo, his peyne, and his distresse.
     But atte laste, she for his worthynesse,
     
     And namely for his meke obeysaunce,
     Hath swiche a pitee caught of his penaunce,
     That pryvely she fil of his accord
     To take hym for hir housbonde and hir lord-
     Of swich lordshipe as men han over hir wyves-
     
     And for to lede the moore in blisse hir lyves,
     Of his free wyl he swoor hir as a knyght,
     That nevere in al his lyf he, day ne nyght,
     Ne sholde upon hym take no maistrie
     Agayn hir wyl, ne kithe hir jalousie,
     
     But hir obeye and folwe hir wyl in al
     As any lovere to his lady shal;
     Save that the name of soveraynetee,
     That wolde he have, for shame of his degree.
     She thanked hym, and with ful greet humblesse
     
     She seyde, "Sire, sith of youre gentillesse
     Ye profre me to have so large a reyne,
     Ne wolde nevere God bitwixe us tweyne,
     As in my gilt, were outher werre or stryf.
     Sir, I wol be youre humble trewe wyf,
     
     Have heer my trouthe til that myn herte breste."
     Thus been they bothe in quiete and in reste.
     For o thyng, sires, saufly dar I seye,
     That freendes everych oother moot obeye,
     If they wol longe holden compaignye.
     
     Love wol nat been constreyned by maistrye;
     Whan maistrie comth, the God of Love anon
     Beteth hise wynges, and farewel, he is gon!
     Love is a thyng as any spirit free.
     Wommen of kynde desiren libertee,
     
     And nat to been constreyned as a thral-
     And so doon men, if I sooth seyen shal.
     Looke who that is moost pacient in love,
     He is at his avantage al above.
     Pacience is an heigh vertu, certeyn,
     
     For it venquysseth, as thise clerkes seyn,
     Thynges that rigour sholde nevere atteyne.
     For every word men may nat chide or pleyne,
     Lerneth to suffre, or elles, so moot I goon,
     Ye shul it lerne, wherso ye wole or noon.
     
     For in this world, certein, ther no wight is
     That he ne dooth or seith som tyme amys.
     Ire, siknesse, or constellacioun
     Wyn, wo, or chaungynge of complexioun
     Causeth ful ofte to doon amys or speken.
     
     On every wrong a man may nat be wreken;
     After the tyme moste be temperaunce
     To every wight that kan on governaunce.
     And therfore hath this wise worthy knyght,
     To lyve in ese, suffrance hir bihight,
     
     And she to hym ful wisly gan to swere
     That nevere sholde ther be defaute in here.
     Heere may men seen an humble wys accord!
     Thus hath she take hir servant and hir lord,
     Servant in love, and lord in mariage;
     
     Thanne was he bothe in lordship and servage-
     Servage? nay but in lordshipe above,
     Sith he hath bothe his lady and his love-
     His lady, certes, and his wyf also,
     The which that lawe of love acordeth to.
     
        And whan he was in this prosperitee,
     Hoom with his wyf he gooth to his contree,
     Nat fer fro Pedmark, ther his dwellyng was,
     Where as he lyveth in blisse and in solas.
     Who koude telle, but he hadde wedded be,
     
     The joye, the ese, and the prosperitee
     That is bitwixe an housbonde and his wyf?
     A yeer and moore lasted this blisful lyg,
     Til that the knyght of which I speke of thus,
     That of Kayrrud was cleped Arveragus,
     
     Shoop hym to goon, and dwelle a yeer or tweyne,
     In Engelond, that cleped was eek Briteyne,
     To seke in armes worship and honour-
     For al his lust he sette in swich labour-
     And dwelled there two yeer, the book seith thus.
     
     Now wol I stynten of this Arveragus
     And speken I wole of Dorigene his wyf,
     That loveth hir housbonde as hir hertes lyf.
     For his absence wepeth she and siketh,
     As doon thise noble wyves whan hem liketh.
     
     She moorneth, waketh, wayleth, fasteth, pleyneth,
     Desir of his presence hir so destreyneth,
     That al this wyde world she sette at noght,
     Hir freendes whiche that knewe hir hevy thoght,
     Conforten hir in al that ever they may.
     
     They prechen hir, they telle hir nyght and day
     That causelees she sleeth hirself, allas!
     And every confort possible in this cas
     They doon to hir, with all hir bisynesse,
     Al for to make hir leve hir hevynesse.
     
     By proces, as ye knowen everichoon,
     Men may so longe graven in a stoon,
     Til som figure therinne emprented be.
     So longe han they conforted hir, til she
     Receyved hath by hope and by resoun
     
     The emprentyng of hir consolacioun,
     Thurgh which hir grete sorwe gan aswage;
     She may nat alwey duren in swich rage.
     And eek Arveragus, in al this care,
     Hath sent hir lettres hoom of his welfare,
     
     And that he wol com hastily agayn,
     Or elles hadde this sorwe hir herte slayn.
     Hir freendes sawe hir sorwe gan to slake,
     And preyden hir on knees, for Goddes sake,
     To com and romen hir in compaignye,
     
     Awey to dryve hir derke fantasye.
     And finally she graunted that requeste,
     For wel she saugh that it was for the beste.
        Now stood hir castel faste by the see;
     And often with hir freendes walketh she
     
     Hir to disporte, upon the bank an heigh,
     Where as she many a ship and barge seigh
     Seillynge hir cours, where as hem liste go.
     But thanne was that a parcel of hir wo,
     For to hirself ful ofte "allas," seith she,
     
     "Is ther no ship of so many as I se
     Wol bryngen hoom my lord? thanne were myn herte
     Al warisshed of hisse bittre peynes smerte."
     Another tyme ther wolde she sitte and thynke
     And caste hir eyen dounward fro the brynke;
     
     But whan she saugh the reisly rokkes blake,
     For verray feere, so wolde hir herte quake
     That on hir feet she myghte hir noght sustene.
     Thanne wolde she sitte adoun upon the grene,
     And pitously into the see biholde,
     
     And seyn right thus, with sorweful sikes colde:
     "Eterne God, that thurgh thy purveiaunce
     Ledest the world by certein governaunce,
     In ydel, as men seyn, ye no thyng make.
     But, lord, thise grisly feendly rokkes blake,
     
     That semen rather a foul confusioun
     Of werk, than any fair creacioun
     Of swich a parfit wys God and a stable,
     Why han ye wroght this werk unresonable?
     For by this werk, south, north, ne west ne eest
     
     Ther nys yfostred man, ne bryd, ne beest.
     It dooth no good, to my wit, but anoyeth,
     Se ye nat, lord, how mankynde it destroyeth?
     An hundred thousand bodyes of mankynde
     Han rokkes slayn, al be they nat in mynde;
     
     Which mankynde is so fair part of thy werk
     That thou it madest lyk to thyn owene merk.
     Thanne semed it ye hadde a greet chiertee
     Toward mankynde; but how thanne may it bee
     That ye swiche meenes make it to destroyen,
     
     Whiche meenes do no good, but evere anoyen?
     I woot wel clerkes wol seyn, as hem leste,
     By argumentz, that al is for the beste,
     Though I ne kan the causes nat yknowe,
     But thilke God, that made wynd to blowe,
     
     As kepe my lord; this my conclusioun.
     To clerkes lete I al this disputisoun-
     But wolde God, that alle thise rokkes blake,
     Were sonken into helle for his sake!
     Thise rokkes sleen myn herte for the feere!"
     
     Thus wolde she seyn, with many a pitous teere.
     Hir freendes sawe that ti was no disport
     To romen by the see, but disconfort,
     And shopen for to pleyen somwher elles;
     They leden hir by ryveres and by welles,
     
     And eek in othere places delitables,
     They dauncen, and they pleyen at ches and tables.
        So on a day, right in the morwe tyde,
     Unto a gardyn that was ther bisyde,
     In which that they hadde maad hir ordinaunce
     
     Of vitaille and of oother purveiaunce,
     They goon and pleye hem al the longe day.
     And this was in the sixte morwe of May,
     Which May hadde peynted with his softe shoures
     This gardyn ful of leves and of floures,
     
     And craft of mannes hand so curiously
     Arrayed hadde this gardyn trewely,
     That nevere was ther gardyn of swich prys
     But if it were the verray Paradys.
     The odour of floures and the fresshe sighte
     
     Wolde han maked any herte lighte
     That evere was born, but if to greet siknesse
     Or to greet sorwe helde it in distresse;
     So ful it was of beautee with plesaunce.
     At after dyner gonne they to daunce
     
     And synge also, save Dorigen allone,
     Which made alwey hir compleint and hir moone
     For she ne saugh hym on the daunce go
     That was hir housbonde, and hir love also.
     But nathelees she moste a tyme abyde,
     
     And with good hope lete hir sorwe slyde.
        Upon this daunce, amonges othere men,
     Daunced a squier biforn Dorigen
     That fressher was, and jolyer of array,
     As to my doom, than is the monthe of May.
     
     He syngeth, daunceth, passynge any man
     That is or was, sith that the world bigan.
     Therwith he was, if men sholde hym discryve,
     Oon of the beste farynge man of lyve;
     Yong, strong, right vertuous, and riche, and wys,
     
     And wel biloved, and holden in greet prys.
     And shortly, if the sothe I tellen shal,
     Unwityng of this Dorigen at al,
     This lusty squier, servant to Venus,
     Which that ycleped was Aurelius,
     
     Hadde loved hir best of any creature
     Two yeer and moore, as was his aventure;
     But nevere dorste he tellen hir his grevaunce,
     Withouten coppe he drank al his penaunce.
     He was despeyred, no thyng dorste he seye
     
     Save in his songes somwhat wolde he wreye
     His wo, as in a general compleynyng.
     He seyde he lovede, and was biloved no thyng,
     Of swich matere made he manye layes,
     Songes, compleintes, roundels, virelayes,
     
     How that he dorste nat his sorwe telle,
     But langwissheth, as a furye dooth in helle,
     And dye he moste, he seyde, as dide Ekko
     For Narcisus, that dorste nat telle hir wo,
     In oother manere than ye heere me seye,
     
     Ne dorste he nat to hir his wo biwreye,
     Save that paraventure som tyme at daunces,
     Ther yonge folk kepen hir observaunces,
     It may wel be he looked on hir face,
     In swich a wise as man that asketh grace;
     
     But no thyng wiste she of his entente.
     Nathelees it happed, er they thennes wente,
     By cause that he was hir neighebour,
     And was a man of worship and honour,
     And hadde yknowen hym of tyme yoore,
     
     They fille in speche, and forthe moore and moore
     Unto this purpos drough Aurelius.
     And whan he saugh his tyme, he seyde thus:
     "Madame," quod he, "by God that this world made,
     So that I wiste it myghte your herte glade,
     
     I wolde that day that youre Arveragus
     Wente over the see, that I, Aurelius,
     Hadde went ther nevere I sholde have come agayn.
     For wel I woot my servyce is in vayn,
     My gerdoun is but brestyng of myn herte.
     
     Madame, reweth upon my peynes smerte,
     For with a word ye may me sleen or save.
     Heere at your feet, God wolde that I were grave,
     I ne have as now no leyser moore to seye,
     Have mercy, sweete, or ye wol do me deye."
     
     She gan to looke upon Aurelius:
     "Is this youre wyl!" quod she, "and sey ye thus?
     "Nevere erst," quod she, "ne wiste I what ye mente.
     But now, Aurelie, I knowe youre entente.
     By thilke God, that yaf me soule and lyf,
     
     Ne shal I nevere been untrewe wyf,
     In word ne werk, as fer as I have wit.
     I wol been his to whom that I am knyt.
     Taak this for fynal answere as of me."
     But after that, in pley thus seyde she,
     
     "Aurelie," quod she, "by heighe God above,
     Yet wolde I graunte yow to been youre love,
     Syn I yow se so pitously complayne.
     Looke, what day that endelong Britayne
     Ye remoeve alle the rokkes, stoon by stoon,
     
     That they ne lette shipe ne boot to goon,
     I seye, whan ye han maad the coost so clene
     Of rokkes that ther nys no stoon ysene,
     Thanne wol I love yow best of any man!
     Have heer my trouthe in al that evere I kan."
     
     "Is ther noon oother grace in yow?" quod he.
     "No, by that lord," quod she, "that maked me;
     For wel I woot that it shal nevere bityde;
     Lat swiche folies out of your herte slyde.
     What deyntee sholde a man han in his lyf
     
     For to go love another mannes wyf,
     That hath hir body whan so that hym liketh?"
     Aurelius ful ofte soore siketh,
     Wo was Aurelie, whan that he this herde,
     And with a sorweful herte he thus answered.
     
     "Madame," quod he, "this were an inpossible;
     Thanne moot I dye of sodeyn deth horrible."
     And with that word he turned hym anon.
     Tho coome hir othere freendes many oon,
     And in the aleyes romeden up and doun,
     
     And no thyng wiste of this conclusioun,
     But sodeynly bigonne revel newe,
     Til that the brighte sonne loste his hewe,
     For thorisonte hath reft the sonne his lyght-
     This is as muche to seye as, ti was nyght-
     
     And hoom they goon in joye and in solas,
     Save oonly wrecche Aurelius, allas!
     He to his hous is goon with sorweful herte;
     He seeth he may nat fro his deeth asterte;
     Hym semed that he felte his herte colde;
     
     Up to the hevene hise handes he gan holde,
     And on hise knowes bare he sette hym doun,
     And in his ravyng seyde his orisoun.
     For verray wo out of his wit he breyde;
     He nyste what he spak, but thus he seyde:
     
     With pitous herte his pleynt hath he bigonne
     Unto the goddes, and first unto the sonne
     He seyde, "Appollo, God and governour
     Of every plaunte, herbe, tree, and flour
     That yevest after thy declinacioun
     
     To ech of hem his tyme and his sesoun,
     As thyn herberwe chaungeth lowe or heighe,
     Lord Phebus, cast thy mericiable eighe
     On wrecche Aurelie, which that am but lorn.
     Lo, lord, my lady hath my deeth ysworn
     
     Withoute gilt, but thy benignytee
     Upon my dedly herte have som pitee.
     For wel I woot, lord Phebus, if yow lest,
     Ye may me helpen, save my lady, best.
     Now voucheth sauf that I may yow devyse
     
     How that I may been holpen and in what wyse.
     Your blisful suster, Lucina the sheene,
     That of the see is chief goddesse and queene,
     (Though Neptunus have deitee in the see,
     Yet emperisse aboven hym is she)
     
     Ye knowen wel, lord, that right as hir desir
     Is to be quyked and lightned of youre fir,
     For which she folweth yow ful bisily,
     Right so the see desireth naturelly
     To folwen hir, as she that is goddesse
     
     Bothe in the see and ryveres moore and lesse.
     Wherfore, lord Phebus, this is my requeste;
     Do this miracle, or do myn herte breste,
     That now next at this opposicioun
     Which in the signe shal be of the Leoun,
     
     As preieth hir, so greet a flood to brynge
     That fyve fadme at the leeste it oversprynge
     The hyeste rokke in Armorik Briteyne,
     And lat this flood endure yeres tweyne.
     Thanne, certes, to my lady may I seye
     
     `Holdeth youre heste, the rokkes been aweye.'
     Lord Phebus, dooth this miracle for me,
     Preye hir she go no faster cours than ye.
     I seye, preyeth your suster that she go
     No faster cours than ye thise yeres two.
     
     Thanne shal she been evene atte fulle alway;
     And spryng flood laste bothe nyght and day;
     And but she vouche sauf in swich manere
     To graunte me my sovereyn lady deere,
     Prey hir to synken every rok adoun
     
     Into hir owene dirke regioun
     Under the ground ther Pluto dwelleth inne,
     Or nevere mo shal I my lady wynne.
     Thy temple in Delphos wol I barefoot seke,
     Lord Phebus; se the teeris on my cheke,
     
     And of my peyne have som compassioun!"
     And with that word in swowne he fil adoun,
     And longe tyme he lay forth in a traunce.
     His brother, which that knew of his penaunce,
     Up caughte hym, and to bedde he hath hym broght.
     
     Dispeyred in this torment and this thoght
     Lete I this woful creature lye;
     Chese he for me wheither he wol lyve or dye.
        Arveragus with heele and greet honour,
     As he that was of chivalrie the flour,
     
     Is comen hoom, and othere worthy men.
     O blisful artow now, thou Dorigen!
     That hast thy lusty housbonde in thyne armes,
     The fresshe knyght, the worthy man or armes,
     That loveth thee, as his owene hertes lyf.
     
     No thyng list hym to been ymaginatyf
     If any wight hadde spoke, whil he was oute,
     To hire of love; he hadde of it no doute,
     He noght entendeth to no swich mateere,
     But daunceth, justeth, maketh hir good cheere,
     
     And thus in joye and blisse I lete hem dwelle,
     And of the sike Aurelius I wol telle.
     In langour and in torment furyes
     Two yeer and moore lay wrecche Aurelyus,
     Eer any foot he myghte on erthe gon;
     
     Ne confort in this tyme hadde he noon,
     Save of his brother, which that was a clerk.
     He knew of al this wo and al this werk;
     For to noon oother creature, certeyn,
     Of this matere he dorste no word seyn.
     
     Under his brest he baar it moore secree
     Than evere dide Pamphilus for Galathee.
     His brest was hool withoute for to sene,
     But in his herte ay was the arwe kene.
     And wel ye knowe that of a sursanure
     
     In surgerye is perilous the cure,
     But men myghte touche the arwe, or come therby.
     His brother weep and wayled pryvely,
     Til atte laste hym fil in remembraunce
     That whiles he was at Orliens in Fraunce,
     
     As yonge clerkes, that been lykerous
     To reden artes that been curious,
     Seken in every halke and every herne
     Particular sciences for to lerne,
     He hym remembred, that upon a day
     
     At Orliens in studie a book he say
     Of magyk natureel, which his felawe,
     That was that tyme a bacheler of lawe-
     Al were he ther to lerne another craft-
     Hadde prively upon his desk ylaft;
     
     Which book spak muchel of the operaciouns,
     Touchynge the eighte and twenty mansiouns
     That longen to the moone, and swich folye
     As in oure dayes is nat worth a flye.
     For hooly chirches feith in oure bileve
     
     Ne suffreth noon illusioun us to greve.
     And whan this book was in his remembraunce,
     Anon for joye his herte gan to daunce,
     And to hymself he seyde pryvely,
     "My brother shal be warisshed hastily;
     
     For I am siker that ther be sciences
     By whiche men make diverse apparences
     Swiche as thise subtile tregetoures pleye;
     For ofte at feestes have I wel herd seye
     That tregetours withinne an halle large
     
     Have maad come in a water and a barge,
     And in the halle rowen up and doun.
     Somtyme hath semed come a grym leoun;
     And somtyme floures sprynge as in a mede,
     Somtyme a vyne, and grapes white and rede,
     
     Somtyme a castel al of lym and stoon;
     And whan hem lyked, voyded it anoon,
     Thus semed it to every mannes sighte.
     Now thanne conclude I thus, that if I myghte
     
     At Orliens som oold felawe yfynde
     
     That hadde this moones mansions in mynde,
     Or oother magyk natureel above,
     He sholde wel make my brother han his love;
     For with an apparence a clerk may make
     To mannes sighte, that alle the rokkes blake
     
     Of Britaigne weren yvoyded everichon,
     But looketh now for no necligence or slouthe
     Ye tarie us heere, no lenger than to-morwe."
     "Nay," quod this clerk, "have heer my feith to borwe."
     To bedde is goon Aurelius whan hym leste,
     
     And wel ny al that nyght he hadde his reste;
     What for his labour and his hope of blisse,
     His woful hrete of penaunce hadde a lisse.
     Upon the morwe, whan that it was day,
     To Britaigne tooke they the righte way,
     
     Aurelie and this magicien bisyde,
     And been descended ther they wolde abyde.
     And this was, as thise bookes me remembre,
     The colde frosty sesoun of Decembre.
        Phebus wax old, and hewed lyk latoun,
     
     That in this hoote declynacioun
     Shoon as the burned gold, and stremes brighte;
     But now in Capricorn adoun he lighte,
     Where as he shoon ful pale, I dar wel seyn.
     The bittre frostes, with the sleet and reyn,
     
     Destroyed hath the grene in every yerd;
     Janus sit by the fyr, with double berd,
     And drynketh of his bugle horn the wyn.
     Biforn hym stant brawen of the tusked swyn,
     
     And `Nowel' crieth every lusty man.
     Aurelius, in al that evere he kan,
     Dooth to his master chiere and reverence,
     And preyeth hym to doon his diligence
     To bryngen hym out of his peynes smerte,
     
     Or with a swerd that he wolde slitte his herte.
     This subtil clerk swich routhe had of this man,
     That nyght and day he spedde hym that he kan
     To wayten a tyme of his conclusioun,
     This is to seye, to maken illusioun
     
     By swich an apparence or jogelrye-
     I ne kan no termes of astrologye-
     That she and every wight sholde wene and seye
     That of Britaigne the rokkes were aweye,
     Or ellis they were sonken under grounde.
     
     So atte laste he hath his tyme yfounde
     To maken hise japes and his wrecchednesse
     Of swich a supersticious cursednesse.
     Hise tables Tolletanes forth he brought,
     Ful wel corrected, ne ther lakked nought,
     
     Neither his collect ne hise expans yeeris,
     Ne hise rootes, ne hise othere geeris,
     As been his centris and hise argumentz,
     And hise proporcioneles convenientz
     For hise equacions in every thyng.
     
     And by his eighte speere in his wirkyng
     He knew ful wel how fer Alnath was shove
     Fro the heed of thilke fixe Aries above
     That in the ninthe speere considered is.
     Ful subtilly he kalkuled al this.
     

        Whan he hadde founde his firste mansioun,
     He knew the remenaunt by proporcioun,
     And knew the arisyng of his moone weel,
     And in whos face and terme, and everydeel;
     And knew ful weel the moones mansioun
     
     Acordaunt to his operacioun,
     And knew also hise othere observaunces
     For swiche illusiouns and swiche meschaunces
     As hethen folk useden in thilke dayes;-
     For which no lenger maked he delayes,
     
     But thurgh his magik, for a wyke or tweye,
     It semed that alle the rokkes were aweye.
     Aurelius, which that yet despeired is,
     Wher he shal han his love, or fare amys,
     Awaiteth nyght and day on this myracle.
     
     And whan he knew that ther was noon obstacle,
     That voyded were thise rokkes everychon,
     Doun to hise maistres feet he fil anon,
     And seyde, "I woful wrecche, Aurelius,
     Thanke yow, lord, and lady myn, Venus,
     
     That me han holpen fro my cares colde."
     And to the temple his wey forth hath he holde
     Where as he knew he sholde his lady see,
     And whan he saugh his tyme, anon right hee
     With dredful herte and with ful humble cheere
     
     Salewed hath his sovereyn lady deere.
     "My righte lady," quod this woful man,
     "Whom I moost drede and love as I best kan,
     And lothest were of al this world displese,
     Nere it that I for yow have swich disese
     
     That I moste dyen heere at youre foot anon,
     Noght wolde I telle how me is wo bigon;
     But, certes, outher moste I dye or pleyne,
     Ye sle me giltelees for verray peyne.
     But of my deeth thogh that ye have no routhe,
     
     Avyseth yow er that ye breke youre trouthe.
     Repenteth yow for thilke God above,
     Er ye me sleen by cause that I yow love.
     For madame, wel ye woot what ye han hight;
     Nat that I chalange any thyng of right
     
     Of yow, my sovereyn lady, but youre grace;
     But in a gardyn yond at swich a place
     Ye woot right wel what ye bihighten me,
     And in myn hand youre trouthe plighten ye
     To love me best, God woot ye seyde so,
     
     Al be that I unworthy be therto.
     Madame, I speke it for the honour of yow,
     Moore than to save myn hertes lyf right now.
     I have do so as ye comanded me,
     And if ye vouchesauf, ye may go see.
     
     Dooth as yow list, have youre biheste in mynde,
     For, quyk or deed, right there ye shal me fynde.
     In yow lith al, to do me lyve of deye,
     But wel I woot the rokkes been aweye!"
        He taketh his leve, and she astonied stood,
     

     In al hir face nas a drope of blood.
     She wende nevere han come in swich a trappe.
     "Allas," quod she, "that evere this sholde happe.
     For wende I nevere, by possibilitee,
     That swich a monstre or merveille myghte be.
     
     It is agayns the proces of nature."
     And hoom she goth a sorweful creature,
     For verray feere unnethe may she go.
     She wepeth, wailleth, al a day or two,
     And swowneth that it routhe was to see;
     
     But why it was, to no wight tolde shee,
     For out of towne was goon Arveragus.
     But to hirself she spak, and seyde thus,
     With face pale and with ful sorweful cheere,
     In hire compleynt, as ye shal after heere.
     
     "Allas!" quod she, "on thee, Fortune, I pleyne,
     That unwar wrapped hast me in thy cheyne;
     For which tescape woot I no socour
     Save oonly deeth or elles dishonour;
     Oon of thise two bihoveth me to chese.
     
     But nathelees, yet have I levere to lese
     My lyf, thanne of my body have a shame,
     Or knowe myselven fals or lese my name,
     And with my deth I may be quyt, ywis;
     Hath ther nat many a noble wyf er this
     
     And many a mayde yslayn hirself, allas,
     Rather than with hir body doon trespas?
     Yis, certes, lo, thise stories beren witnesse,
     Whan thritty tirauntz, ful of cursednesse,
     Hadde slayn Phidoun in Atthenes, at feste,
     
     They comanded hise doghtres for tareste,
     And bryngen hem biforn hem in despit,
     Al naked, to fulfille hir foul delit,
     And in hir fadres blood they made hem daunce
     Upon the pavement, God yeve hem myschaunce;
     
     For which thise woful maydens ful of drede,
     Rather than they wolde lese hir maydenhede,
     They prively been stirt into a welle
     And dreynte hemselven, as the bookes telle.
     They of Mecene leete enquere and seke
     
     Of Lacedomye fifty maydens eke,
     On whiche they wolden doon hir lecherye;
     But was ther noon of al that compaignye
     That she nas slayn, and with a good entente
     Chees rather for to dye than assente
     
     To been oppressed of hir maydenhede.
     Why sholde I thanne to dye been in drede?
     Lo, eek the tiraunt Aristoclides,
     That loved a mayden heet Stymphalides,
     Whan that hir fader slayn was on a nyght,
     
     Unto Dianes temple goth she right,
     And hente the ymage in hir handes two;
     Fro which ymage wolde she nevere go,
     No wight ne myghte hir handes of it arace,
     Til she was slayn right in the selve place.
     

     Now sith that maydens hadden swich despit,
     To been defouled with mannes foul delit,
     Wel oghte a wyf rather hirselven slee,
     Than be defouled, as it thynketh me.
     What shal I seyn of Hasdrubales wyf
     
     That at Cartage birafte hirself hir lyf?
     For whan she saugh that Romayns wan the toun,
     She took hir children alle and skipte adoun
     Into the fyr, and chees rather to dye
     Than any Romayn dide hir vileynye.
     
     Hath nat Lucresse yslayn hirself, allas,
     At Rome whan that she oppressed was
     Of Tarquyn, for hir thoughte it was a shame
     To lyven whan she hadde lost hir name?
     The sevene maydens of Melesie also
     
     Han slayn hemself, for verray drede and wo
     Rather than folk of Gawle hem sholde oppresse.
     Mo than a thousand stories, as I gesse,
     Koude I now telle as touchynge this mateere.
     Whan Habradate was slayn, his wyf so deere
     
     Hirselven slow, and leet hir blood to glyde
     In Habradates woundes depe and wyde;
     And seyde, "My body at the leeste way
     Ther shal no wight defoulen, if I may."
     What sholde I mo ensamples heer of sayn?
     
     Sith that so manye han hemselven slayn,
     Wel rather than they wolde defouled be,
     I wol conclude that it is bet for me
     To sleen myself, than been defouled thus.
     I wol be trewe unto Arveragus,
     
     Or rather sleen myself in som manere,
     As dide Demociones doghter deere,
     By cause that she wolde nat defouled be.
     O Cedasus, it is ful greet pitee 
     To reden how thy doghtren deyde, allas,
     
     That slowe hemself, for swich manere cas!
     As greet a pitee was it, or wel moore,
     The Theban mayden, that for Nichanore
     Hirselven slow right for swich manere wo.
     Another Theban mayden dide right so;
     
     For oon of Macidonye hadde hire oppressed,
     She with hire deeth hir maydenhede redressed.
     What shal I seye of Nicerates wyf,
     That for swich cas birafte hirself hir lyf?
     How trewe eek was to Alcebiades
     
     His love that rather for to dyen chees
     Than for to suffre his body unburyed be.
     "Lo, which a wyf was Alceste," quod she,
     "What seith Omer of goode Penalopee?
     Al Grece knoweth of hire chastitee.
     
     Pardee of Lacedomya is writen thus,
     That whan at Troie was slayn Protheselaus,
     No lenger wolde she lyve after his day.
     The same of noble Porcia telle I may,
     Withoute Brutus koude she nat lyve,
     

     To whom she hadde al hool hir herte yeve.
     The parfit wyfhod of Arthemesie
     Honured is thurgh al the Barbarie.
     O Teuta queene, thy wyfly chastitee
     To alle wyves may a mirrour bee!
     
     The same thyng I seye of Bilyea,
     Of Rodogone, and eek Valeria."
     Thus pleyned Dorigene a day or tweye,
     Purposynge evere that she wolde deye.
        But nathelees, upon the thridde nyght
     
     Hoom cam Arveragus, this worthy knyght,
     And asked hir why that she weep so soore.
     And she gan wepen ever lenger the moore.
     "Allas!" quod she, "that evere I was born.
     Thus have I seyd," quod she, "thus have I sworn;"
     
     And toold hym al as ye han herd bifore,
     It nedeth nat reherce it yow namoore.
     This housbonde with glad chiere in freendly wyse
     Answerde and seyde, as I shal yow devyse,
     "Is ther oght elles, Dorigen, but this?"
     
     "Nay, nay," quod she, "God helpe me so, as wys,
     This is to muche, and it were Goddes wille."
     "Ye, wyf," quod he, "lat slepen that is stille.
     It may be wel paraventure yet to-day.
     Ye shul youre trouthe holden, by my fay.
     
     For God so wisly have mercy upon me,
     I hadde wel levere ystiked for to be
     For verray love which that I to yow have,
     But if ye sholde your trouthe kepe and save.
     Trouthe is the hyeste thyng that man may kepe."
     
     But with that word he brast anon to wepe
     And seyde, "I yow forbede, up peyne of deeth,
     That nevere whil thee lasteth lyf ne breeth,
     To no wight telle thou of this aventure;
     As I may best, I wol my wo endure.
     
     Ne make no contenance of hevynesse,
     That folk of yow may demen harm or gesse."
     And forth he cleped a squier and a mayde;
     "Gooth forth anon with Dorigen," he sayde,
     "And bryngeth hir to swich a place anon,"
     
     They take hir leve, and on hir wey they gon,
     But they ne weste why she thider wente,
     He nolde no wight tellen his entente.
     Paraventure, an heep of yow, ywis,
     Wol holden hym a lewed man in this,
     
     That he wol putte his wyf in jupartie.
     Herkneth the tale er ye upon hire crie;
     She may have bettre fortune than yow semeth,
     And whan that ye han herd the tale, demeth.
        This squier, which that highte Aurelius,
     
     On Dorigen that was so amorus,
     Of aventure happed hir to meete
     Amydde the toun, right in the quykkest strete,
     As she was bown to goon the wey forth-right
     Toward the gardyn, ther as she had hight.
     

     And he was to the gardynward also,
     For wel he spyed whan she wolde go
     Out of hir hous to any maner place.
     But thus they mette, of aventure or grace
     And he saleweth hir with glad entente,
     
     And asked of hir whiderward she wente.
     And she answerde, half as she were mad,
     "Unto the gardyn as myn housbonde bad,
     My trouthe for to holde, allas! allas!"
     Aurelius gan wondren on this cas,
     
     And in his herte hadde greet compassioun
     Of hir and of hir lamentacioun,
     And of Arveragus, the worthy knyght,
     That bad hire holden al that she had hight,
     So looth hym was his wyf sholde breke hir trouthe;
     
     And in his herte he caughte of this greet routhe,
     Considerynge the beste on every syde
     That fro his lust yet were hym levere abyde
     Than doon so heigh a cherlyssh wrecchednesse
     Agayns franchise and alle gentillesse.-
     
     For which in fewe wordes seyde he thus:
     "Madame, seyeth to your lord Arveragus,
     That sith I se his grete gentillesse
     To yow, and eek I se wel youre distresse,
     That him were levere han shame-and that were routhe-
     
     Than ye to me sholde breke thus youre trouthe,
     I have wel levere evere to suffre wo
     Than I departe the love bitwix yow two.
     I yow relesse, madame, into youre hond
     Quyt every surement and every bond,
     
     That ye han maad to me as heer biforn,
     Sith thilke tyme which that ye were born.
     My trouthe I plighte, I shal yow never repreve
     Of no biheste, and heere I take my leve,
     As of the treweste and the beste wyf
     
     That evere yet I knew in al my lyf.
     But every wyf be war of hir biheeste,
     On Dorigene remembreth atte leeste!
     Thus kan a squier doon a gentil dede
     As wel as kan a knyght, with outen drede."
     
     She thonketh hym upon hir knees al bare,
     And hoom unto hir housbonde is she fare,
     And tolde hym al, as ye han herd me sayd;
     And be ye siker, he was so weel apayd
     That it were inpossible me to wryte.
     
        What sholde I lenger of this cas endyte?
     Arveragus and Dorigene his wyf
     In sovereyn blisse leden forth hir lyf,
     Nevere eft ne was ther angre hem bitwene.
     He cherisseth hir as though she were a queene,
     
     And she was to hym trewe for everemoore.-
     Of thise two folk ye gete of me namoore.
     Aurelius, that his cost hath al forlorn
     Curseth the tyme that evere he was born.
     "Allas," quod he, "allas, that I bihighte
     Of pured gold a thousand pound of wighte
     Unto this philosophre! how shal I do?
     I se namoore but that I am fordo;
     Myn heritage moot I nedes selle
     And been a beggere; heere may I nat dwelle,
     
     And shamen al my kynrede in this place,
     But I of hym may gete bettre grace.
     But nathelees I wole of hym assaye
     At certeyn dayes yeer by yeer to paye,
     And thanke hym of his grete curteisye;
     
     My trouthe wol I kepe, I wol nat lye."
     With herte soor he gooth unto his cofre,
     And broghte gold unto this philosophre
     The value of fyve hundred pound, I gesse,
     And hym bisecheth of his gentillesse
     
     To graunte hym dayes of the remenaunte,
     And seyde, "Maister, I dar wel make avaunt,
     I failled nevere of my trouthe as yit.
     For sikerly my dette shal be quyt
     Towareds yow, how evere that I fare,
     
     To goon a begged in my kirtle bare!
     But wolde ye vouche sauf upon seuretee
     Two yeer or thre, for to respiten me,
     Thanne were I wel, for elles moot I selle
     Myn heritage, ther is namoore to telle."
     
     This philosophre sobrely answerde,
     And seyde thus, whan he thise wordes herde,
     "Have I nat holden covenant unto thee?"
     "Yes, certes, wel and trewely," quod he.
     "Hastow nat had thy lady, as thee liketh?"
     
     "No, no," quod he, and sorwefully he siketh.
     "What was the cause, tel me if thou kan?"
     Aurelius his tale anon bigan,
     And tolde hym al, as ye han herd bifoore,
     It nedeth nat to yow reherce it moore.
     
     He seide, Arveragus of gentillesse
     Hadde levere dye in sorwe and in distresse
     Than that his wyf were of hir trouthe fals;
     The sorwe of Dorigen he tolde hym als,
     How looth hir was to been a wikked wyf,
     
     And that she levere had lost that day hir lyf,
     And that hir trouthe she swoor, thurgh innocence,
     She nevere erst hadde herd speke of apparence.
     "That made me han of hir so greet pitee;
     And right as frely as he sente hir me,
     
     As frely sente I hir to hym ageyn.
     This al and som, ther is namoore to seyn."
     This philosophre answerde, "Leeve brother,
     Everich of yow dide gentilly til oother.
     Thou art a squier, and he is a knyght;
     
     But God forbede, for his blisful myght,
     But if a clerk koude doon a gentil dede
     As wel as any of yow, it is no drede.
     Sire, I releesse thee thy thousand pound,
     As thou right now were cropen out of the ground,
     
     Ne nevere er now ne haddest knowen me;
     For, sire, I wol nat taken a peny of thee
     For al my craft, ne noght for my travaille.
     Thou hast ypayed wel for my vitaille,
     It is ynogh, and farewel, have good day."
     
     And took his hors, and forth he goth his way.
        Lordynges, this questioun wolde I aske now,
     Which was the mooste fre, as thynketh yow?
     Now telleth me, er that ye ferther wende,
     I kan namoore, my tale is at an ende.
     
     Heere is ended the Frankeleyns tale.
     
     Part 27
     
     GROUP G.
     
     THE SECONDE NONNES TALE
     
     The Prologe of the Seconde Nonnes Tale.
     
     The ministre and the norice unto vices,
     Which that men clepe in Englissh ydelnesse,
     That porter of the gate is of delices,
     To eschue, and by hir contrarie hir oppresse,
     (That is to seyn by leveful bisynesse),
     Wel oghten we to doon al oure entente,
     Lest that the feend thurgh ydelnesse us shente.
     
     For he, that with hise thousand cordes slye
     Continuelly us waiteth to biclappe,
     Whan he may man in ydelnesse espye,
     He kan so lightly cacche hym in his trappe,
     Til that a man be hent right by the lappe,
     He nys nat war the feend hath hym in honde.
     Wel oghte us werche, and ydelnesse withstonde.
     
     And though men dradden nevere for to dye,
     Yet seen men wel by resoun, doutelees,
     That ydelnesse is roten slogardye,
     Of which ther nevere comth no good encrees;
     And seen that slouthe hir holdeth in a lees,
     Oonly to slepe, and for to ete and drynke,
     And to devouren al that othere swynke.
     
     And for to putte us fro swich ydelnesse,
     That cause is of so greet confusioun,
     I have heer doon my feithful bisynesse,
     After the legende, in translacioun
     Right of thy glorious lyf and passioun,
     Thou with thy gerland wroght with rose and lilie,
     Thee meene I, mayde and martir, seint Cecilie.
     
     Invocacio ad Mariam.
     
     And thow that flour of virgines art alle,
     Of whom that Bernard list so wel to write,
     To thee at my bigynnyng first I calle,
     Thou confort of us wrecches, do me endite
     Thy maydens deeth, that wan thurgh hir merite
     
     The eterneel lyf, and of the feend victorie,
     As man may after reden in hir storie.
     
     Thow mayde and mooder, doghter of thy sone,
     Thow welle of mercy, synful soules cure,
     In whom that God for bountee chees to wone,
     Thow humble and heigh, over every creature
     Thow nobledest so ferforth oure nature,
     That no desdeyn the makere hadde of kynde,
     His sone in blood and flessh to clothe and wynde,
     
     Withinne the cloistre blisful of thy sydis
     Took mannes shape the eterneel love and pees,
     That of the tryne compas lord and gyde is,
     Whom erthe and see and hevene out of relees
     Ay heryen, and thou, virgine wemmelees,
     Baar of thy body, and dweltest mayden pure,
     The creatour of every creature.
     
     Assembled is in thee magnificence
     With mercy, goodnesse, and with swich pitee
     That thou, that art the sonne of excellence,
     Nat oonly helpest hem that preyen thee,
     But oftentyme, of thy benygnytee,
     Ful frely, er that men thyn help biseche,
     Thou goost biforn, and art hir lyves leche.
     
     Now help, thow meeke and blisful faire mayde,
     Me, flemed wrecche in this desert of galle;
     Thynk on the womman Cananee, that sayde
     That whelpes eten somme of the crommes alle,
     That from hir lordes table been yfalle,
     And though that I, unworthy sone of Eve,
     Be synful, yet accepte my bileve.
     
     And for that feith is deed withouten werkis, 
     So for to werken yif me wit and space,
     That I be quit fro thennes that moost derk is.
     O thou, that art so fair and ful of grace,
     Be myn advocat in that heighe place
     Ther as withouten ende is songe Osanne,
     Thow Cristes mooder, doghter deere of Anne!
     
     And of thy light my soule in prison lighte,
     That troubled is by the contagioun
     Of my body, and also by the wighte
     Of erthely lust and fals affeccioun,
     O havene of refut, O salvacioune
     Of hem that been in sorwe and in distresse,
     Now help, for to my werk I wol me dresse.
     
     Yet preye I yow that reden that I write,
     Foryeve me, that I do no diligence
     This ilke storie subtilly to endite,
     For bothe have I the wordes and sentence
     Of hym that at the seintes reverence
     The storie wroot, and folwe hir legende.
     I pray yow, that ye wole my werk amende.
     
     First wolde I yow the name of seinte Cecile
     Expowne, as men may in hir storie see.
     It is to seye in Englissh, `hevenes lilie'
     For pure chaastnesse of virginitee,
     Or for she whitnesse hadde of honestee
     And grene of conscience, and of good fame
     The soote savour, lilie was hir name.
     
     Or Cecilie is to seye, `the wey to blynde,'
     For she ensample was by good techynge;
     Or elles, Cecile, as I writen fynde
     Is joyned by a manere conjoynynge
     Of `hevene' and `lia,' and heere in figurynge
     The `hevene' is set for thoght of hoolynesse,
     And `lia' for hir lastynge bisynesse.
     
     Cecile may eek be seyd, in this manere,
     `Wantynge of blyndnesse,' for hir grete light
     Of sapience, and for hire thewes cleere
     Or elles, loo, this maydens name bright
     Of `hevene' and `leos' comth, for which by right
     Men myghte hir wel `the hevene of peple' calle,
     Ensample of goode and wise werkes alle.
     
     For `leos' `peple' in Englissh is to seye,
     And right as men may in the hevene see
     The sonne and moone and sterres every weye,
     Right so men goostly, in this mayden free,
     Syen of feith the magnanymytee,
     And eek the cleernesse hool of sapience,
     And sondry werkes, brighte of excellence.
     
     And right so as thise philosophres write
     That hevene is swift and round and eek brennynge,
     Right so was faire Cecilie the white
     Ful swift and bisy evere in good werkynge,
     And round and hool in good perseverynge,
     And brennynge evere in charite ful brighte.
     Now have I yow declared what she highte.
     
     Here bigynneth the Seconde Nonnes tale of the lyf of Seinte Cecile.
     
     This mayden, bright Cecilie, as hir lyf seith,
     Was comen of Romayns, and of noble kynde,
     And from hir cradel up fostred in the feith
     Of Crist, and bar his gospel in hir mynde.
     She nevere cessed, as I writen fynde,
     Of hir preyere, and God to love and drede,
     Bisekynge hym to kepe hir maydenhede.
     
     And whan this mayden sholde unto a man
     Ywedded be, that was ful yong of age,
     Which that ycleped was Valerian,
     And day was comen of hir mariage,
     She, ful devout and humble in hir corage,
     Under hir robe of gold, that sat ful faire,
     Hadde next hir flessh yclad hir in an haire.
     
     And whil the orgnes maden melodie,
     To God allone in herte thus sang she:
     "O Lord, my soule and eek my body gye
     Unwemmed, lest that I confounded be."
     And for his love that dyde upon a tree,
     Every seconde and thridde day she faste,
     Ay biddynge in hir orisons ful faste.
     
     The nyght cam, and to bedde moste she gon
     With hir housbonde, as ofte is the manere,
     And pryvely to hym she seyde anon,
     "O sweete and wel biloved spouse deere,
     Ther is a conseil, and ye wolde it heere,
     Which that right fayn I wolde unto yow seye,
     So that ye swere ye shul me nat biwreye."
     
     Valerian gan faste unto hire swere
     That for no cas, ne thyng that myghte be,
     He sholde nevere mo biwreyen here,
     And thanne at erst to hym thus seyde she,
     "I have an Aungel which that loveth me,
     That with greet love, wher so I wake or sleepe,
     Is redy ay my body for to kepe.
     
     And if that he may feelen out of drede
     That ye me touche, or love in vileynye,
     He right anon wol sle yow with the dede,
     And in youre yowthe thus ye sholden dye.
     And if that ye in clene love me gye,
     He wol yow loven as me for youre clennesse,
     And shewen yow his joye and his brightnesse."
     
     Valerian, corrected as God wolde,
     Answerde agayn, "If I shal trusten thee,
     Lat me that aungel se, and hym biholde,
     And if that it a verray aungel bee,
     Thanne wol I doon as thou hast prayed me;
     And if thou love another man, forsothe
     Right with this swerd thanne wol I sle yow bothe."
     
     Cecile answerde anon right in this wise,
     "If that yow list, the aungel shul ye see,
     So that ye trowe in Crist, and yow baptize.
     Gooth forth to Via Apia," quod she,
     "That fro this toun ne stant but miles thre;
     And to the povre folkes that ther dwelle
     Sey hem right thus as that I shal yow telle.
     
     Telle hem, that I Cecile yow to hem sente,
     To shewen yow the goode Urban the olde,
     For secree thynges and for good entente;
     And whan that ye Seint Urban han biholde,
     Telle hym the wordes whiche that I to yow tolde,
     And whan that he hath purged yow fro synne,
     Thanne shul ye se that aungel er ye twynne."
     
     Valerian is to the place ygon,
     And right as hym was taught by his lernynge,
     He foond this hooly olde Urban anon
     Among the seintes buryeles lotynge.
     And he anon, withouten tariynge,
     Dide his message, and whan that he it tolde,
     Urban for joye his handes gan up holde.
     
     The teeris from hise eyen leet he falle.
     "Almyghty lord, O Jesu Crist," quod he,
     "Sower of chaast conseil, hierde of us alle,
     The fruyt of thilke seed of chastitee
     That thou hast sowe in Cecile, taak to thee.
     Lo, lyk a bisy bee, withouten gile,
     Thee serveth ay thyn owene thral Cecile!
     
     For thilke spouse that she took but now
     Ful lyk a fiers leoun, she sendeth heere
     As meke as evere was any lomb, to yow."
     And with that word anon ther gan appeere
     An oold man clad in white clothes cleere,
     That hadde a book with lettre of gold in honde,
     And gan bifore Valerian to stonde.
     
     Valerian as deed fil doun for drede
     Whan he hym saugh, and he up hente hym tho,
     And on his book right thus he gan to rede,
     "O lord, o feith, o god, withouten mo,
     O Cristendom, and fader of alle also,
     Aboven alle, and over alle, everywhere.-"
     Thise wordes al with gold ywriten were.
     
     Whan this was rad, thanne seyde this olde man,
     "Leevestow this thyng or no? sey ye or nay?"
     "I leeve al this thyng," quod Valerian,
     "For oother thyng than this, I dar wel say,
     Under the hevene no wight thynke may."
     Tho vanysshed this olde man, he nyste where;
     And Pope Urban hym cristned right there.
     
     Valerian gooth hoom, and fynt Cecile
     Withinne his chambre with an aungel stonde.
     This aungel hadde of roses and of lilie
     Corones two, the whiche he bar in honde;
     And first to Cecile, as I understonde,
     He yaf that oon, and after gan he take
     That oother to Valerian hir make.
     
     "With body clene and with unwemmed thoght
     Kepeth ay wel thise corones," quod he,
     "Fro Paradys to yow have I hem broght,
     Ne nevere mo ne shal they roten bee,
     Ne lese hir soote savour, trusteth me,
     Ne nevere wight shal seen hem with his eye
     But he be chaast and hate vileynye.
     
     And thow Valerian, for thow so soone
     Assentedest to good conseil also,
     Sey what thee list, and thou shalt han thy boone."
     "I have a brother," quod Valerian tho,
     "That in this world I love no man so.
     I pray yow that my brother may han grace,
     To knowe the trouthe, as I do in this place."
     
     
     The aungel seyde, "God liketh thy requeste,
     And bothe with the palm of martirdom
     Ye shullen com unto his blisful feste."
     And with that word Tiburce his brother coom;
     And whan that he the savour undernoom,
     Which that the roses and the lilies caste,
     Withinne his herte he gan to wondre faste,
     
     And seyde, "I wondre, this tyme of the yeer,
     Whennes that soote savour cometh so 
     Of rose and lilies that I smelle heer.
     For though I hadde hem in myne handes two,
     The savour myghte in me no depper go,
     The sweete smel that in myn herte I fynde
     Hath chaunged me al in another kynde."
     
     Valerian seyde, "Two corones han we,
     Snow-white and rose-reed that shynen cleere,
     Whiche that thyne eyen han no myght to see,
     And as thou smellest hem thurgh my preyere,
     So shaltow seen hem, leeve brother deere,
     If it so be thou wolt, withouten slouthe,
     Bileve aright and knowen verray trouthe."
     
     Tiburce answerde, "Seistow this to me?
     In soothnesse or in dreem I herkne this?"
     "In dremes," quod Valerian, "han we be
     Unto this tyme, brother myn, ywes;
     But now at erst in trouthe oure dwellyng is."
     "How woostow this," quod Tiburce, "in what wyse?"
     Quod Valerian, "That shal I thee devyse.
     
     The aungel of God hath me the trouthe ytaught
     Which thou shalt seen, if that thou wolt reneye
     The ydoles and be clene, and elles naught."
     And of the myracle of thise corones tweye
     Seint Ambrose in his preface list to seye.
     Solempnely this noble doctour deere
     Commendeth it, and seith in this manere;
     
     The palm of martirdom for to receyve
     Seinte Cecile, fulfild of Goddes yifte,
     The world and eek hire chambre gan she weyve,
     Witnesse Tyburces and Valerians shrifte,
     To whiche God of his bountee wolde shifte
     Corones two, of floures wel smellynge,
     And made his aungel hem the corones brynge.
     
     The mayde hath broght thise men to blisse above;
     The world hath wist what it is worth, certeyn,
     Devocioun of chastitee to love. . . .
     Tho shewed hym Cecile, al open and pleyn,
     That alle ydoles nys but a thyng in veyn,
     For they been dombe and therto they been deve,
     And charged hym hise ydoles for to leve.
     
     "Whoso that troweth, nat this, a beest he is,"
     Quod tho Tiburce, "if that I shal nat lye."
     And she gan kisse his brest, that herde this,
     And was ful glad he koude trouthe espye.
     "This day I take thee for myn allye,"
     Seyde this blisful faire mayde deere,
     And after that she seyde as ye may heere.
     
     "Lo, right so as the love of Crist," quod she,
     "Made me thy brotheres wyf, right in that wise
     Anon for myn allyee heer take I thee,
     
     Syn that thou wolt thyne ydoles despise.
     Go with thy brother now, and thee baptise,
     And make thee clene, so that thou mowe biholde
     The aungels face of which thy brother tolde."
     
     Tiburce answerde and seyde, "Brother deere,
     First tel me whider I shal, and to what man?"
     "To whom?" quod he, "com forth with right good cheere,
     I wol thee lede unto the Pope Urban."
     "Til Urban? brother myn Valerian,"
     Quod tho Tiburce, "woltow me thider lede?
     Me thynketh that it were a wonder dede."
     
     "Ne menestow nat Urban," quod he tho, 
     "That is so ofte dampned to be deed,
     And woneth in halkes alwey to and fro,
     And dar nat ones putte forth his heed;
     Men sholde hym brennen in a fyr so reed,
     If he were founde, or that men myghte hym spye;
     And we also, to bere hym compaignye,
     
     And whil we seken thilke divinitee,
     That is yhid in hevene pryvely,
     Algate ybrend in this world shul we be!"
     To whom Cecile answerde boldely,
     "Men myghten dreden wel and skilfully
     This lyf to lese, myn owene deere brother,
     If this were lyvynge oonly and noon oother.
     
     But ther is bettre lyf in oother place,
     That nevere shal be lost, ne drede thee noght,
     Which Goddes sone us tolde thurgh his grace.
     That fadres sone hath alle thyng ywroght,
     And al that wroght is with a skilful thoght,
     The goost, that fro the fader gan procede,
     Hath sowled hem, withouten any drede.
     
     By word and by myracel Goddes Sone,
     Whan he was in this world, declared heere
     That ther was oother lyf ther men may wone."
     To whom answerde Tiburce, "O suster deere,
     Ne seydestow right now in this manere,
     Ther nys but o God, lord in soothfastnesse,
     And now of thre how maystow bere witnesse?"
     
     "That shal I telle," quod she, "er I go.
     Right as a man hath sapiences thre,
     Memorie, engyn, and intellect also,
     So, in o beynge of divinitee
     Thre persones may ther right wel bee."
     Tho gan she hym ful bisily to preche
     Of Cristes come, and of hise peynes teche,
     
     And many pointes of his passioun;
     How Goddes sone in this world was withholde
     To doon mankynde pleyn remissioun,
     That was ybounde in synne and cares colde . . .
     Al this thyng she unto Tiburce tolde;
     And after this, Tiburce in good entente
     With Valerian to Pope Urban he wente;
     
     That thanked God, and with glad herte and light
     He cristned hym, and made hym in that place
     Parfit in his lernynge, Goddes knyght.
     And after this Tiburce gat swich grace
     That every day he saugh in tyme and space
     The aungel of God, and every maner boone
     That he God axed, it was sped ful soone.
     
     It were ful hard by ordre for to seyn
     How manye wondres Jesu for hem wroghte.
     But atte laste, to tellen short and pleyn,
     The sergeantz of the toun of Rome hem soghte,
     And hem biforn Almache the Prefect broghte,
     Which hem opposed, and knew al hire entente,
     And to the ymage of Juppiter hem sente,
     
     And seyde, "Whoso wol nat sacrifise,
     Swap of his heed, this my sentence heer."
     Anon thise martirs that I yow devyse,
     Oon Maximus, that was an officer
     Of the prefectes, and his corniculer,
     Hem hente, and whan he forth the seintes ladde,
     Hymself he weepe, for pitee that he hadde.
     
     Whan Maximus had herd the seintes loore,
     He gat hym of the tormentoures leve,
     And ladde hem to his hous withoute moore.
     And with hir prechyng, er that it were eve,
     They gonnen fro the tormentours to reve,
     And fro Maxime, and fro his folk echone
     The fals feith, to trowe in God allone.
     
     Cecile cam whan it was woxen nyght,
     With preestes that hem cristned alle yfeere,
     And afterward, whan day was woxen light,
     Cecile hem seyde, with a ful stedefast cheere,
     "Now Cristes owene knyghtes, leeve and deere,
     Cast alle awey the werkes of derkness
     And armeth yow in armure of brightnesse.
     
     Ye han forsothe ydoon a greet bataille,
     Youre cours is doon, youre feith han ye conserved,
     Gooth to the corone of lyf that may nat faille.
     The rightful juge which that ye han served
     Shal yeve it yow as ye han it deserved."
     And whan this thyng was seyd as I devyse,
     Men ledde hem forth to doon the sacrifise.
     
     But whan they weren to the place broght,
     To tellen shortly the conclusioun,
     They nolde encense ne sacrifise right noght,
     But on hir knees they setten hem adoun
     With humble herte and sad devocioun,
     And losten bothe hir hevedes in the place.
     Her soules wenten to the kyng of grace.
     
     This Maximus that saugh this thyng bityde,
     With pitous teeris tolde it anon-right,
     That he hir soules saugh to hevene glyde,
     With aungels ful of cleernesse and of light;
     And with this word converted many a wight.
     For which Almachius dide hym so bete
     With whippe of leed, til he the lyf gan lete.
     
     Cecile hym took, and buryed hym anon
     By Tiburce and Valerian softely,
     Withinne hir buriyng place under the stoon,
     And after this Almachius hastily
     Bad hise ministres fecchen openly
     Cecile, so that she myghte in his presence
     Doon sacrifice, and Juppiter encense.
     
     But they, converted at hir wise loore,
     Wepten ful soore, and yaven ful credence
     Unto hire word, and cryden moore and moore,
     "Crist, Goddes sone, withouten difference,
     Is verray God, this is al oure sentence,
     That hath so good a servant hym to serve
     This with o voys we trowen, thogh we sterve."
     
     Almachius, that herde of this doynge,
     Bad fecchen Cecile, that he myghte hir see,
     And alderfirst, lo, this was his axynge:
     "What maner womman artow?" tho quod he.
     "I am a gentil womman born," quod she.
     "I axe thee," quod he, "though it thee greeve,
     Of thy religioun and of thy bileeve."
     
     "Ye han bigonne youre question folily,"
     Quod she, "that wolden two answeres conclude
     In o demande; ye axed lewedly."
     Almache answerde unto that similitude,
     "Of whennes comth thyn answeryng so rude?'
     "Of whennes?" quod she, whan that she was freyned,
     "Of conscience and of good feith unfeyned."
     
     Almachius seyde, "Ne takestow noon heede
     Of my power?" and she answerde hym,
     "Youre myght," quod she, "ful litel is to dreede,
     For every mortal mannes power nys
     But lyke a bladdre ful of wynd, ywys;
     For with a nedles poynt, whan it is blowe,
     May al the boost of it be leyd ful lowe."
     
     "Ful wrongfully bigonne thow," quod he,
     "And yet in wrong is thy perseveraunce;
     Wostow nat how oure myghty princes free
     Han thus comanded and maad ordinaunce
     That every cristen wight shal han penaunce,
     But if that he his cristendom withseye-
     And goon al quit, if he wole it reneye?"
     
     "Youre princes erren, as youre nobleye dooth,"
     Quod tho Cecile, "and with a wood sentence
     Ye make us gilty, and it is nat sooth,
     For ye, that knowen wel oure innocence,
     For as muche as we doon a reverence
     To Crist, and for we bere a cristen name,
     Ye putte on us a cryme, and eek a blame.
     
     But we that knowen thilke name so
     For vertuous, we may it nat withseye."
     Almache answerde, "Chees oon of thise two,
     Do sacrifise, or cristendom reneye,
     That thou mowe now escapen by that weye."
     At which the hooly blisful faire mayde
     Gan for to laughe, and to the juge sayde,
     
     "O Juge, confus in thy nycetee,
     Woltow that I reneye innocence,
     To make me a wikked wight," quod shee;
     "Lo, he dissymuleth heere in audience,
     He stareth, and woodeth in his advertence."
     To whom Almachius, "Unsely wrecche,
     Ne woostow nat how far my myght may strecche?
     
     Han noght oure myghty princes to me yeven
     Ye, bothe power and auctoritee
     To maken folk to dyen or to lyven?
     Why spekestow so proudly thanne to me?"
     "I speke noght but stedfastly," quod she,
     "Nat proudly, for I speke as for my syde,
     We haten deedly thilke vice of pryde.
     
     And if thou drede nat a sooth to heere,
     Thanne wol I shewe al openly by right 
     That thou hast maad a ful grete lesyng heere,
     Thou seyst, thy princes han thee yeven myght
     Bothe for to sleen, and for to quyken a wight.
     Thou that ne mayst but oonly lyf bireve,
     Thou hast noon oother power, ne no leve!
     
     But thou mayst seyn thy princes han thee maked
     Ministre of deeth, for if thou speke of mo,
     Thou lyest, for thy power is ful naked.'
     "Do wey thy booldnesse," seyde Almachius tho,
     "And sacrifise to oure goddes er thou go.
     I recche na twhat wrong that thou me profre,
     For I can suffre it as a philosophre.
     
     But thilke wronges may I nat endure
     That thou spekest of oure goddes heere," quod he.
     Cecile answerde, "O nyce creature,
     Thou seydest no word, syn thou spak to me,
     That I ne knew therwith thy nycetee,
     And that thou were in every maner wise
     A lewed officer and a veyn justise.
     
     Ther lakketh no thyng to thyne outter eyen
     That thou nart blynd, for thyng that we seen alle
     That it is stoon, that men may wel espyen,
     That ilke stoon a god thow wolt it calle.
     I rede thee lat thyn hand upon it falle,
     And taste it wel, and stoon thou shalt it fynde,
     
     Syn that thou seest nat with thyne eyen blynde.
     
     It is a shame that the peple shal
     So scorne thee, and laughe at thy folye,
     For communly men woot it wel overal
     That myghty God is in hise hevenes hye,
     And thise ymages, wel thou mayst espye,
     To thee ne to hemself mowen noght profite,
     For in effect they been nat worth a myte."
     
     Thise wordes and swiche othere seyde she,
     And he weex wrooth, and bad men sholde hir lede
     Hom til hir hous, and "in hire hous," quod he,
     "Brenne hire right in a bath of flambes rede."
     And as he bad, right so was doon in dede,
     For in a bath they gonne hire faste shetten,
     And nyght and day greet fyre they underbetten.
     
     The longe nyght and eek a day also
     For al the fyr and eek the bathes heete
     She sat al coold, and feelede no wo;
     It made hir nat a drope for to sweete.
     But in that bath hir lyf she moste lete,
     For he Almachius, with a ful wikke entente,
     To sleen hir in the bath his sonde sente.
     
     Thre strokes in the nekke he smoot hir tho,
     The tormentour, but for no maner chaunce
     He myghte noght smyte al hir nekke atwo.
     And for ther was that tyme an ordinaunce
     That no man sholde doon men swich penaunce
     The ferthe strook to smyten, softe or soore,
     This tormentour ne dorste do namoore.
     
     But half deed, with hir nekke ycorven there,
     He lefte hir lye, and on his wey is went.
     The cristen folk, which that aboute hir were,
     With sheetes han the blood ful faire yhent.
     Thre dayes lyved she in this torment,
     And nevere cessed hem the feith to teche;
     That she hadde fostred, hem she gan to preche.
     
     And hem she yaf hir moebles, and hir thyng,
     And to the Pope Urban bitook hem tho,
     And seyde, "I axed this at hevene kyng
     To han respit thre dayes, and namo,
     To recomende to yow er that I go
     Thise soules, lo, and that I myghte do werche
     Heere of myn hous perpetuelly a chirche."
     
     Seint Urban with hise deknes prively
     This body fette, and buryed it by nyghte,
     Among hise othere seintes, honestly.
     Hir hous the chirche of seinte Cecilie highte;
     Seint Urban halwed it, as he wel myghte,
     In which, into this day, in noble wyse
     Men doon to Crist and to his seinte servyse.
     
     Heere is ended the Seconde Nonnes tale.
     
     
     Part 28
     
     PROLOGUE TO THE CHANOUNS YEMANNES TALE
     
     The prologe of the Chanouns yemannes tale.
     
     Whan ended was the lyf of seinte Cecile,
     Er we hadde riden fully fyve mile,
     At Boghtoun under Blee us gan atake
     A man, that clothed was in clothes blake,
     And undernethe he wered a whyt surplys.
     
     His hakeney, which that was al pomely grys,
     So swatte, that it wonder was to see,
     It wemed as he had priked miles thre.
     The hors eek that his yeman rood upon
     So swatte, that unnethe myghte it gon.
     
     Aboute the peytrel stood the foom ful hye,
     He was of fome al flekked as a pye.
     A male tweyfoold upon his croper lay,
     It semed that he caried lite array.
     Al light for somer rood this worthy man,
     
     And in myn herte wondren I bigan
     What that he was, til that I understood
     How that his cloke was sowed to his hood;
     For which, whan I hadde longe avysed me,
     I demed hym som Chanoun for to be.
     
     His hat heeng at his bak doun by a laas,
     For he hadde riden moore than trot or paas;
     He hadde ay priked lik as he were wood.
     A clote-leef he hadde under his hood
     For swoot, and for to kepe his heed from heete.
     
     But it was joye for to seen hym swete!
     His forheed dropped as a stillatorie
     Were ful of plantayne and of paritorie.
     And whan that he was come, he gan to crye,
     "God save," quod he, "this joly compaignye!
     
     Faste have I priked," quod he, "for youre sake,
     By cause that I wolde yow atake,
     To riden in this myrie compaignye."
     His Yeman eek was ful of curteisye,
     And seyde, "Sires, now in the morwe tyde
     
     Out of youre hostelrie I saugh yow ryde,
     And warned heer my lord and my soverayn
     Which that to ryden with yow is ful fayn
     For his desport; he loveth daliaunce."
     "Freend, for thy warnyng God yeve thee good chaunce,"
     
     Thanne seyde oure Hoost, "for certein, it wolde seme
     Thy lord were wys, and so I may wel deme.
     He is ful jocunde also, dar I leye.
     Can he oght telle a myrie tale or tweye
     With which he glade may this compaignye?"
     
     "Who, sire, my lord? ye, ye, with-outen lye!
     He kan of murthe and eek of jolitee
     Nat but ynough, also, sire, trusteth me.
     And ye hym knewen as wel as do I,
     Ye wolde wondre how wel and craftily
     
     He koude werke, and that in sondry wise.
     He hath take on hym many a greet emprise,
     Which were ful hard for any that is heere
     To brynge aboute, but they of hym it leere.
     As hoomly as he rit amonges yow,
     
     If ye hym knewe, it wolde be for youre prow,
     Ye wolde nat forgoon his aqueyntaunce
     For muchel good, I dar leye in balaunce
     Al that I have in my possessioun.
     He is a man of heigh discrecioun,
     
     I warne yow wel, he is a passyng man."
     "Wel," quod oure Hoost, "I pray thee, tel em than,
     Is he a clerk, or noon? telle what he is?"
     "Nay, he is gretter than a clerk, ywis,"
     Seyde this Yeman, "and in wordes fewe,
     
     Hoost, of his craft somwhat I wol yow shewe.
     I seye my lord kan swich subtilitee-
     But al his craft ye may nat wite for me,
     And somwhat helpe I yet to his wirkyng-
     That al this ground on which we been rydyng
     
     Til that we come to Caunterbury toun,
     He koude al clene turne it up so doun
     And pave ti al of silver and of gold."
     And whan this Yeman hadde this tale ytold
     Unto oure Hoost, he seyde, "Benedicitee,
     
     This thyng is wonder merveillous to me,
     Syn that thy lord is of so heigh prudence,
     By cause of which men sholde hym reverence,
     That of his worship rekketh he so lite.
     His overslope nys nat worth a myte
     
     As in effect to hym, so moot I go.
     It is al baudy and to-tore also,
     Why is thy lord so sluttissh, I the preye,
     And is of power bettre clooth to beye,
     If that his dede accorde with thy speche?
     
     Telle me that, and that I thee biseche."
     "Why," quod this Yeman, "wherto axe ye me?
     God help me so, for he shal nevere thee!
     But I wol nat avowe that I seye,
     And therfore keepe it secree, I yow preye;
     
     He is to wys, in feith, as I bileeve!
     That that is overdoon, it wol nat preeve
     Aright; as clerkes seyn, it is a vice.
     Wherfore in that I holde hym lewed and nyce;
     For whan a man hath over-greet a wit,
     
     Ful oft hym happeth to mysusen it.
     So dooth my lord, and that me greveth soore.
     God it amende, I kan sey yow namoore."
     "Therof no fors, good Yeman," quod oure Hoost,
     "Syn of the konnyng of thy lord thow woost,
     
     Telle how he dooth, I pray thee hertely,
     Syn that he is so crafty and so sly.
     Wher dwelle ye, if it to telle be?"
     "In the suburbes of a toun," quod he,
     "Lurkynge in hernes and in lanes blynde,
     
     Where as thise robbours and thise theves by kynde
     Holden hir pryvee fereful residence,
     As they that dar nat shewen hir presence.
     So faren we if I shal seye the sothe."
     "Now," quod oure Hoost, "yit lat me talke to the,
     
     Why artow so discoloured of thy face?"
     "Peter," quod he, "God yeve it harde grace,
     I am so used in the fyr to blowe,
     That it hath chaunged my colour, I trowe.
     I am nat wont in no mirrour to prie,
     
     But swynke soore, and lerne multiplie.
     We blondren evere, and pouren in the fir,
     And, for al that, we faille of oure desir.
     For evere we lakke of oure conclusioun;
     To muchel folk we doon illusioun,
     
     And borwe gold, be it a pound or two,
     Or ten, or twelve, or manye sommes mo,
     And make hem wenen at the leeste weye
     That of a pound we koude make tweye.
     Yet is it fals, but ay we han good hope
     
     It for to doon, and after it we grope.
     But that science is so fer us biforn,
     We mowen nat, although we hadden sworn,
     It over-take, it slit awey so faste.
     It wole us maken beggars atte laste."
     
     Whil this yeman was thus in his talkyng,
     This Chanoun drough hym neer, and herde al thyng
     Which this Yeman spak, for suspecioun
     Of mennes speche evere hadde this Chanoun.
     For Catoun seith, that he that gilty is
     
     Demeth alle thyng be spoke of hym, ywis.
     That was the cause he gan so ny hym drawe
     To his yeman, to herknen al his sawe.
     And thus he seyde unto his yeman tho,
     "Hoold thou thy pees, and spek no wordes mo,
     
     For it thou do, thou shalt it deere abye.
     Thou sclaundrest me heere in this compaignye,
     And eek discoverest that thou sholdest hyde."
     "Ye," quod oure Hoost, "telle on, what so bityde,
     Of al his thretyng rekke nat a myte."
     
     "In feith," quod he, "namoore I do but lyte."
     And whan this Chanoun saugh it wolde nat bee,
     But his Yeman wolde telle his pryvetee,
     He fledde awey for verray sorwe and shame.
     "A!" quod the Yeman, "heere shal arise game.
     
     Al that I kan, anon now wol I telle,
     Syn he is goon, the foule feend hym quelle!
     For nevere heer after wol I with hym meete,
     For peny ne for pound, I yow biheete.
     He that me broghte first unto that game,
     
     Er that he dye, sorwe have he and shame.
     For it is ernest to me, by my feith,
     That feele I wel, what so any man seith.
     And yet, for al my smert and al my grief,
     For al my sorwe, labour, and meschief,
     
     I koude never leve it in no wise.
     Now wolde God, my wit myghte suffise
     To tellen al that longeth to that art,
     And nathelees yow wol I tellen part.
     Syn that my lord is goon, I wol nat spare,
     Swich thyng as that I knowe, I wol declare.
     
     Heere endeth the prologe of the Chanouns yemannes tale.
     
        (After a lengthy account of the practice of alchemy by
     his master, the yeoman tells how a priest is beguiled of
     his money by a certain canon through trickery of a hollow
     rod.)
     Part 29
     
     GROUP H.
     
     PROLOGUE TO THE MAUNCIPLES TALE
     
     Heere folweth the Prologe of the Maunciples tale.
     
     Woot ye nat where ther stant a litel toun,
     Which that ycleped is Bobbe-up-and-doun
     Under the Blee, in Caunterbury weye?
     Ther gan oure Hooste for to jape and pleye,
     And seyde, "Sires, what, Dun is in the Myre!
     
     Is ther no man for preyere ne for hyre,
     That wole awake oure felawe al bihynde?
     A theef myghte hym ful lightly robbe and bynde.
     See how he nappeth, see how for Cokkes bones,
     That he wol falle fro his hors atones.
     
     Is that a Cook of London, with meschaunce?
     Do hym com forth, he knoweth his penaunce,
     For he shal telle a tale, by my fey,
     Although it be nat worth a botel hey.
     Awake, thou Cook," quod he, "God yeve thee sorwe,
     
     What eyleth thee, to slepe by the morwe?
     Hastow had fleen al nyght, or artow dronke?
     Or hastow with som quene al nyght yswonke
     So that thow mayst nat holden up thyn heed?"
     This Cook that was ful pale, and no thyng reed,
     
     Seyde to oure Hoost, "So God my soule blesse,
     As ther is falle on me swich hevynesse,
     Noot I nat why, that me were levere slepe
     Than the beste galon wyn in Chepe."
     "Wel," quod the Maunciple, "if it may doon ese
     
     To thee, Sire Cook, and to no wight displese
     Which that heere rideth in this compaignye,
     And that oure Hoost wole of his curteisye,
     I wol as now excuse thee of thy tale,
     For, in good feith, thy visage is ful pale.
     
     Thyne eyen daswen eek, as that me thynketh,
     And wel I woot, thy breeth ful soure stynketh.
     That sheweth wel thou art nat wel disposed,
     Of me, certeyn, thou shalt nat been yglosed.
     See how he ganeth, lo, this dronken wight!
     
     As though he wolde swolwe us anonright.
     Hoold cloos thy mouth, man, by thy fader kyn,
     The devel of helle sette his foot therin.
     Thy cursed breeth infecte wole us alle,
     Fy, stynkyng swyn! fy, foule moothe thou falle!
     
     A, taketh heede, sires, of this lusty man!
     Now, sweete sire, wol ye justen atte fan?
     Therto me thynketh ye been wel yshape,
     I trowe that ye dronken han wyn-ape,
     And that is, whan men pleyen with a straw."
     
     And with this speche the Cook wax wrooth and wraw,
     And on the Manciple he gan nodde faste,
     For lakke of speche, and doun the hors hym caste,
     Where as he lay til that men up hym took;
     This was a fair chyvachee of a Cook!
     
     Allas, he nadde holde hym by his ladel!
     And er that he agayn were in his sadel
     Ther was greet showvyng bothe to and fro,
     To lifte hym up, and muchel care and wo,
     So unweeldy was this sory palled goost.
     
     And to the Manciple thanne spak oure hoost,
     "By cause drynke hath dominacioun,
     Upon this man, by my savacioun,
     I trowe he lewedly wolde telle his tale.
     For were it wyn, or oold or moysty ale,
     
     That he hath dronke, he speketh in his nose,
     And fneseth faste, and eek he hath the pose.
     He hath also to do moore than ynough
     To kepen hym and his capul out of slough,
     And if he falle from his capul eftsoone,
     
     Thanne shal we alle have ynogh to doone
     In liftyng up his hevy dronken cors.
     Telle on thy tale, of hym make I no fors;
     But yet, Manciple, in feith thou art to nyce,
     Thus openly repreve hym of his vice.
     
     Another day he wole peraventure
     Reclayme thee and brynge thee to lure.
     I meene he speke wole of smale thynges,
     As for to pynchen at thy rekenynges,
     That were nat honeste, if it cam to preef."
     
     "No," quod the Manciple, "that were a greet mescheef,
     So myghte he lightly brynge me in the snare;
     Yet hadde I levere payen for the mare,
     Which that he rit on, than he sholde with me stryve
     I wol nat wratthen hym, al so moot I thryve;
     
     That that I speke, I seyde it in my bourde.
     And wite ye what, I have heer in a gourde
     A draghte of wyn, ye, of a ripe grape,
     And right anon ye shul seen a good jape.
     This Cook shal drynke therof if that I may,
     
     Up peyne of deeth, he wol nat seye me nat."
     And certeynly, to tellen as it was,
     Of this vessel the Cook drank faste; allas,
     What neded hym? he drank ynough biforn!
     And whan he hadde pouped in this horn,
     
     To the Manciple he took the gourde agayn,
     And of that drynke the Cook was wonder fayn,
     And thanked hym in swich wise as he koude.
     Thanne gan oure Hoost to laughen wonder loude,
     And seyde, "I se wel it is necessarie
     
     Where that we goon, that drynke we with us carie.
     For that wol turne rancour and disese
     Tacord and love and many a wrong apese.
     O thou Bacus, yblessed be thy name,
     That so kanst turnen ernest into game!
     
     Worship and thank be to thy deitee!
     Of that mateere ye gete namoore of me,
     Telle on thy tale, Manciple, I thee preye."
     "Wel, sire," quod he, "now herkneth what I seye."
     

     THE MAUNCIPLES TALE
     
     Heere bigynneth the Maunciples tale of the Crowe.
     
     Whan Phebus dwelled heere in this world adoun,
     As olde bookes maken mencioun,
     He was the mooste lusty bachiler
     In al this world, and eek the beste archer.
     He slow Phitoun the serpent, as he lay
     
     Slepynge agayn the sonne upon a day;
     And many another noble worthy dede
     He with his bowe wroghte, as men may rede.
     Pleyen he koude on every mynstralcie,
     And syngen, that it was a melodie
     
     To heeren of his cleere voys the soun.
     Certes, the kyng of Thebes, Amphioun,
     That with his syngyng walled that citee,
     Koude nevere syngen half so wel as hee.
     Therto he was the semelieste man,
     
     That is or was sith that the world bigan.
     What nedeth it hise fetures to discryve?
     For in this world was noon so fair on lyve.
     He was therwith fulfild of gentillesse,
     Of honour, and of parfit worthynesse.
     
        This Phebus that was flour of bachilrie,
     As wel in fredom as in chivalrie,
     For his desport, in signe eek of victorie
     Of Phitoun, so as telleth us the storie,
     Was wont to beren in his hand a bowe.
     
     Now hadde this Phebus in his hous a crowe,
     Which in a cage he fostred many a day,
     And taughte it speken as men teche a jay.
     Whit was this crowe, as is a snow-whit swan,
     And countrefete the speche of every man
     
     He koude, whan he sholde telle a tale.
     Therwith in al this world no nyghtngale
     Ne koude, by an hondred thousand deel,
     Syngen so wonder myrily and weel.
     Now hadde this Phebus in his hous a wyf
     
     Which that he lovede moore than his lyf;
     And nyght and day dide evere his diligence
     Hir for to plese and doon hire reverence.
     Save oonly, if the sothe that I shal sayn,
     Jalous he was, and wolde have kept hire fayn,
     
     For hym were looth byjaped for to be-
     And so is every wight in swich degree;
     But al in ydel, for it availleth noght.
     A good wyf that is clene of werk and thoght
     Sholde nat been kept in noon awayt, certayn.
     
     And trewely the labour is in vayn
     To kepe a shrewe, for it wol nat bee.
     This holde I for a verray nycetee,
     To spille labour for to kepe wyves,
     Thus writen olde clerkes in hir lyves.
     
        But now to purpos, as I first bigan:
     This worthy Phebus dooth al that he kan
     To plesen hir, wenynge that swich plesaunce,
     And for his manhede and his governaunce,
     That no man sholde han put hym from hire grace.
     
     But God it woot, ther may no man embrace
     As to destreyne a thyng, which that nature
     Hath natureelly set in a creature.
     Taak any bryd, and put it in a cage,
     And do al thyn entente and thy corage
     
     To fostre it tendrely with mete and drynke,
     Of alle deyntees that thou kanst bithynke;
     And keepe it al so clenly as thou may,
     Al though his cage of gold be nevere so gay,
     Yet hath this bryd, by twenty thousand foold,
     
     Levere in a forest that is rude and coold
     Goon ete wormes, and swich wrecchednesse;
     For evere this bryd wol doon his bisynesse
     To escape out of his cage, whan he may.
     His libertee this bryd desireth ay.
     
     Lat take a cat, and fostre hym wel with milk,
     And tendre flessh, and make his couche of silk,
     And lat hym seen a mous go by the wal,
     Anon he weyveth milk and flessh and al,
     And every deyntee that is in that hous,
     
     Swich appetit he hath to ete a mous.
     Lo, heere hath lust his dominacioun,
     And appetit fleemeth discrecioun.
     A she wolf hath also a vileyns kynde,
     The lewedeste wolf that she may fynde,
     
     Or leest of reputacioun wol she take,
     In tyme whan hir lust to han a make.
     Alle thise ensamples speke I by thise men,
     That been untrewe, and no thyng by wommen,
     For men han evere a likerous appetit
     
     On lower thyng to parfourne hire delit,
     Than on hire wyves, be they nevere so faire,
     Ne nevere so trewe, ne so debonaire.
     Flessh is so newefangel, with meschaunce,
     That we ne konne in no thyng han plesaunce
     
     That sowneth into vertu any while.
        This Phebus, which that thoghte upon no gile,
     Deceyved was, for al his jolitee;
     For under hym another hadde shee,
     A man of litel reputacioun,
     
     Nat worth to Phebus in comparisoun.
     The moore harm is, it happeth ofte so,
     Of which ther cometh muchel harm and wo.
     And so bifel, whan Phebus was absent,
     His wyf anon hath for hir lemman sent;
     
     Hir lemman? certes, this is a knavyssh speche,
     Foryeveth it me, and that I yow biseche.
     The wise Plato seith, as ye may rede,
     "The word moot nede accorde with the dede."
     If men shal telle proprely a thyng,
     
     The word moot cosyn be to the werkyng.
     I am a boystous man, right thus seye I.
     Ther nys no difference trewely
     Bitwixe a wyf that is of heigh degree-
     If of hire body dishoneste she bee-
     
     And a povre wenche, oother than this,
     If it so be they werke bothe amys,
     But that the gentile in hire estaat above,
     She shal be cleped his lady as in love,
     And for that oother is a povre womman,
     
     She shal be cleped his wenche, or his lemman;
     And God it woot, myn owene deere brother,
     Men leyn that oon as lowe as lith that oother.
        Right so bitwixe a titlelees tiraunt
     And an outlawe, or a theef erraunt,
     
     The same I seye, ther is no difference.
     To Alisaundre was toold this sentence,
     That for the tiraunt is of gretter myght,
     By force of meynee for to sleen dounright,
     And brennen hous and hoom, and make al playn,
     
     Lo, therfore is he cleped a capitayn!
     And for the outlawe hath but smal meynee,
     And may nat doon so greet an harm as he,
     Ne brynge a contree to so greet mescheef,
     Men clepen hym an outlawe or a theef.
     
     But for I am a man noght textueel,
     I wol noght telle of textes nevere a deel;
     I wol go to my tale as I bigan.
        Whan Phebus wyf had sente for hir lemman,
     Anon they wroghten al hir lust volage.
     
     The white crowe that heeng ay in the cage
     Biheeld hire werk, and seyde nevere a word,
     And whan that hoom was com Phebus the lord,
     This crowe sang, "Cokkow!  Cokkow!  Cokkow!"
     "What bryd!" quod Phebus, "what song syngestow?
     
     Ne were thow wont so myrily to synge
     That to myn herte it was a rejoysynge
     To heere thy voys? allas, what song is this?"
     "By God," quod he, "I synge nat amys.
     Phebus," quod he, "for al thy worthynesse,
     
     For al thy beautee and thy gentillesse,
     For al thy song and al thy mynstralcye,
     For al thy waityng, blered is thyn eye
     With oon of litel reputacioun
     Noght worth to thee, as in comparisoun
     
     The montance of a gnat, so moote I thryve,
     For on thy bed thy wyf I saugh hym swyve."
        What wol ye moore? the crowe anon hym tolde,
     By sadde tokenes and by wordes bolde,
     How that his wyf han doon hire lecherye,
     
     Hym to greet shame and to greet vileynye,
     And tolde hym ofte, he asugh it with hise eyen.
     This Phebus gan aweyward for to wryen,
     And thoughte his sorweful herte brast atwo,
     His bowe he bente and sette ther inne a flo,
     
     And in his ire his wyf thanne hath he slayn.
     This is theffect, ther is namoore to sayn,
     For sorwe of which he brak his mynstralcie,
     Bothe harpe, and lute, and gyterne, and sautrie,
     And eek he brak hise arwes and his bowe,
     
     And after that thus spak he to the crowe.
     "Traitour," quod he, "with tonge of scorpioun,
     Thou hast me broght to my confusioun,
     Allas, that I was wroght! why nere I deed?
     O deere wyf, O gemme of lustiheed,
     
     That were to me so sad and eek so trewe,
     Now listow deed with face pale of hewe,
     Ful giltelees, that dorste I swere, ywys.
     O rakel hand, to doon so foule amys!
     O trouble wit, O ire recchelees!
     
     That unavysed smyteth gilteles.
     O wantrust, ful of fals suspecioun,
     Where was thy wit and thy discrecioun?
     O, every man, be war of rakelnesse,
     Ne trowe no thyng withouten strong witnesse.
     
     Smyt nat to soone, er that ye witen why,
     And beeth avysed wel and sobrely,
     Er ye doon any execucioun
     Upon youre ire for suspecioun.
     Allas, a thousand folk hath rakel ire
     
     Fully fordoon, and broght hem in the mire!
     Allas, for sorwe I wol myselven slee!"
     And to the crowe, "O false theef," seyde he,
     "I wol thee quite anon thy false tale;
     Thou songe whilom lyk a nyghtngale,
     
     Now shaltow, false theef, thy song forgon,
     And eek thy white fetheres everichon.
     Ne nevere in al thy lyf ne shaltou speke,
     Thus shal men on a traytour been awreke.
     Thou and thyn ofspryng evere shul be blake,
     
     Ne nevere sweete noyse shul ye make,
     But evere crie agayn tempest and rayn,
     In tokenynge that thurgh thee my wyf is slayn."
     And to the crowe he stirte, and that anon,
     And pulled hise white fetheres everychon,
     
     And made hym blak, and refte hym al his song,
     And eek his speche, and out at dore hym slong,
     Unto the devel-which I hym bitake!-
     And for this caas been alle Crowes blake.
        Lordynges, by this ensample I yow preye,
     
     Beth war and taketh kepe what I seye:
     Ne telleth nevere no man in youre lyf
     How that another man hath dight his wyf;
     He wol yow haten mortally, certeyn.
     Daun Salomon, as wise clerkes seyn,
     
     Techeth a man to kepen his tonge weel.
     But as I seyde, I am noght textueel;
     But nathelees, thus taughte me my dame;
     "My sone, thenk on the crowe, on Goddes name.
     My sone, keepe wel thy tonge and keepe thy freend,
     
     A wikked tonge is worse than a feend.
     My sone, from a feend men may hem blesse.
     My sone, God of his endelees goodnesse
     Walled a tonge with teeth and lippes eke,
     For man sholde hym avyse what he speeke.
     
     My sone, ful ofte for to muche speche
     Hath many a man been spilt, as clerkes teche.
     But for litel speche, avysely,
     Is no man shent, to speke generally.
     My sone, thy tonge sholdestow restreyne
     
     At alle tymes, but whan thou doost thy peyne
     To speke of God in honour and in preyere;
     The firste vertu sone, if thou wolt leere,
     Is to restreyne and kepe wel thy tonge.
     Thus lerne children, whan that they been yonge,
     
     My sone, of muchel spekyng yvele avysed,
     Ther lasse spekyng hadde ynough suffised,
     Comth muchel harm-thus was me toold and taught.-
     In muchel speche synne wanteth naught.
     Wostow wherof a rakel tonge serveth?
     
     Right as a swerd forkutteth and forkerveth
     An arme atwo, my deere sone, right so
     A tonge kutteth freendshipe al atwo.
     A jangler is to God abhomynable;
     Reed Salomon, so wys and honurable,
     
     Reed David in hise psalmes, reed Senekke!
     My sone, spek nat, but with thyn heed thou bekke;
     Dissimule as thou were deef, it that thou heere
     A jangler speke of perilous mateere.
     The Flemyng seith, and lerne it if thee leste,
     
     That litel janglyng causeth muchel reste.
     My sone, if thou no wikked word hast seyd,
     Thee thar nat drede for to be biwreyd;
     But he that hath mysseyd, I dar wel sayn,
     He may by no wey clepe his word agayn.
     
     Thyng that is seyd is seyd, and forth it gooth;
     Though hym repente, or be hym leef or looth,
     He is his thral to whom that he hath sayd
     A tale, of which he is now yvele apayd.
     My sone, be war, and be noon auctour newe
     
     
     Of tidynyges, wheither they been false or trewe,
     Wherso thou com, amonges hye or lowe,
     Kepe wel thy tonge, and thenk upon the Crowe."
     
     Heere is ended the Maunciples tale of the Crowe.
     Part 30
     
     GROUP I.
     
     PROLOGUE TO THE PERSOUNS TALE
     
     Heere folweth the Prologe of the Persouns tale.
     
     By that the Maunciple hadde his tale al ended,
     The sonne fro the south lyne was descended
     So lowe, that he nas nat to my sighte
     Degrees nyne and twenty as in highte.
     Ten of the clokke it was tho, as I gesse,
     
     For ellevene foot, or litel moore or lesse,
     My shadwe was at thilke tyme as there,
     Of swiche feet as my lengthe parted were
     In sixe feet equal of proporcioun.
     Therwith the moones exaltacioun,
     
     I meene Libra, alwey gan ascende,
     As we were entryng at a thropes ende.
     For which our Hoost, as he was wont to gye,
     As in this caas, oure joly compaignye,
     Seyde in this wise, "Lordynges everichoon,
     
     Now lakketh us no tales mo than oon,
     Fulfilled is my sentence and my decree;
     I trowe that we han herd of ech degree.
     Almoost fulfild is al myn ordinaunce,
     I pray to God, so yeve hym right good chaunce
     
     That telleth this tale to us lustily!
     "Sire preest," quod he, "artow a vicary,
     Or arte a person? sey sooth by thy fey.
     Be what thou be, ne breke thou nat oure pley;
     For every man save thou hath toold his tale.
     
     Unbokele and shewe us what is in thy male,
     For trewely, me thynketh by thy cheere
     Thou sholdest knytte up wel a greet mateere.
     Telle us a fable anon, for Cokkes bones."
     This Persoun him answerede, al atones,
     
     "Thou getest fable noon ytoold for me,
     For Paul, that writeth unto Thymothee,
     Repreveth hem that weyveth soothfastnesse,
     And tellen fables, and swich wrecchednesse.
     Why sholde I sowen draf out of my fest
     
     Whan I may sowen whete, if that me lest?
     For which I seye, if that yow list to heere,
     Moralitee and vertuous mateere;
     And thanne that ye wol yeve me audience,
     I wol ful fayn, at Cristes reverence,
     
     Do yow plesaunce leefful, as I kan.
     But trusteth wel I am a southren man,
     I kan nat geeste Rum, Ram, Ruf by lettre,
     Ne, God woot, rym holde I but litel bettre,
     And therfore if yow list, I wol nat glose,
     
     I wol yow telle a myrie tale in prose
     To knytte up al this feeste, and make an ende,
     And Jesu, for his grace, wit me sende
     To shewe yow the wey, in this viage,
     Of thilke parfit glorious pilgrymage
     
     That highte Jerusalem celestial.
     And if ye vouchesauf, anon I shal
     Bigynne upon my tale, for which I preye,
     Telle youre avys, I kan no bettre seye.
     But nathelees, this meditacioun
     
     I putte it ay under correccioun
     Of clerkes, for I am nat textueel;
     I take but sentence, trusteth weel.
     Therfore I make a protestacioun
     That I wol stonde to correccioun."
     
        Upon this word we han assented soone;
     For, as us semed, it was for to doone
     To enden in som vertuous sentence,
     And for to yeve hym space and audience;
     Adn bede oure Hoost he sholde to hym seye
     
     That alle we to telle his tale hym preye.
     Oure Hoost hadde the wordes for us alle:
     "Sire preest," quod he, "now faire yow bifalle,
     Sey what yow list, and we wol gladly heere."
     And with that word he seyde in this manere,
     
     "Telleth," quod he, "youre meditacioun;
     But hasteth yow, the sonne wole adoun.
     Beth fructuous, and that in litel space,
     And to do wel God sende yow his grace."
     
        (Then follows the Persones Tale, concerning penitence,
     vices and virtues, and holy living.  At the end appears the 
     retractation, so-called, of Chaucer.)
     
     Heere taketh the makere of this book his leve.
     
        Now preye I to hem alle that herkne thai litel tretys or
     rede, that if ther be any thyng in it that liketh hem, that
     therof they thanken oure Lord Jesu Crist, of whom procedeth
     al wit and al goodnesse.  And if ther be any thyng that
     displese hem, I preye hem also that they arrette it to the
     defaute of myn unkonnynge, and nat to my wyl, that wolde ful
     fayn have seyd bettre, if I hadde had konnynge.  For oure
     Boke seith, `al that is writen, is writen for oure doctrine,'
     and that is myn entente.  Wherfore, I biseke yow mekely for
     the mercy of God, that ye preye for me that Crist have mercy
     on me, and foryeve me my giltes; and namely, of my translaciouns
     and enditynges of worldly vanitees, the whiche I revoke in my
     retracciouns;
     
        As is the book of Troilus, the book also of Fame, the book of
     the .XXV.  Ladies, the book of the Duchesse, the book of Seint
     Valentynes day of the Parlement of Briddes, the tales of Caunterbury
     (thilke that sownen into synne), the book of the Leoun, and many
     another book, if they were in my remembrance; and many a song and
     many a leccherous lay, that Crist for his grete mercy foryeve
     me the synne.  But of the translacioun of Boece de Consolacione,
     and othere bookes of Legendes of Seintes and omelies, and moralitee,
     and devocioun; that thanke I oure Lord Jesu Crist, and his blisful
     mooder, and alle the seintes of hevene; bisekynge hem that they
     from hennesforth unto my lyves ende sende me grace to biwayle my
     giltes, and to studie to the salvacioun of my soule; and graunte 
     me grtace of verray penitence, confessioun, and satisfaccioun to
     doon in this present lyf, thurgh the benigne grace of Hym, that 
     is kyng of kynges, and preest over alle preestes, that boghte us
     with the precious blood of his herte, so that I may been oon of 
     hem at the day of doome that shulle be saved.  Qui cum patre,
     &cetera.
     
     Heere is ended the book of the tales of Caunterbury compiled by
     Geffrey Chaucer of whos soule Jesu Crist have mercy.  Amen.
     
[End.]


The Incomplete List Of Impolite Words

We start out light with heck, hell, damn, goddamn, bitch, bastard and crud, and
then we get right into crap, turd, shit, dingleberry, piss, piddle, leak, mung
cheese, laying cable, pinching a loaf and dropping a load.  
Ass, booty, butt, hiney, tuckus, bum, buns, rump, cheeks, tits, jugs, bosoms,
knockers, knobs, balloons, brown-eyes, balls, nuts, rock, onions, jewels, stones,
ball-bag, jism, come, wad, shoot, cream, juice, pecker tracks, pearl necklace.
Crabs, does, sift, clap, cleat, raincoat, scumbag, rubber, gasket, french tickler,
dildo, (here we go now), fuck, screw, lay, diddle, push, plow, hump, cut, bang,
cook, batter-wham, beef injection...
Vitamin F, knock up, dip your wick, hide the salami...laying pipe, polishing your
rocket, squattin' on the hog...getting your pole varnished...
A quickie, a nooner, a matinee.
Pop your cookies, bust your nuts, get your rocks off, bananas & cream, piece of
ass, nookie, pooooooontang....(Here we go now...)
Cunt, cooz, cooch, crack, gash, twat, slash, ginch, hole, slit, snatch, quim, box,
snapper, beaver, tail, pussy, muff, bearded clam...furburger...tuna taco....bush,
hairpie, woolly-booger, glory-hole, a merkin, a muckin, button, clit, cherry,
clamp, snapping pussy, taint, boy-in-the-boat, man-in-the-canoe...
Mutt-rag, on the rag, flying the flag, riding the cotton pony...
Having the painters in.
(Some of these border on poetry, I feel.)
Hard-on, rod-on, bone-on, boner, stiff, piss-hard, wet dream, hot nuts, horny,
randy, blue-balls, lovers'nuts, cunt-struck, queefer, farts, asshole, bunghole,
little brown eyeball...
Bugger, brown, ream, cornhole, buttfuck, backdoor, bite the brown, sugar bowl pie,
mustard roll, up the old dirt road...Hershey Highway...fishing for brown trout.
Fudge packer, pound cake, finger fuck, dry hump, cop-a-feel, tit-fuck, french fuck,
one-man-band...hand-job, french-job, blow-job, head-job, rim-job, hum-job,
pipe-job, suck off, give head, give face, gobble, cop-a-stem, cop-a-doodle, go down
on, muff-dive, mustache ride...sit on my face...yodeling in the gulley....
69...71, which is 69 with two fingers up your ass...68, which is, "You do me and
I'll owe you one..." (Women hear that one all the time.)
Golden showers, around-the-world, daisy chain, sloppy seconds, dog style, mongolian
cluster fuck...group grope, gang bang, circle-jerk, 20 lira, well-hung....
(Here we go again now.)
Dick, prick, dork, dong, tongue, donner, ka-dingus, wang, schlong, putz, pork,
beef, meat, pecker, peter, tool, prong, rod, hammer, shaft, stick, snake, knob,
lob, stem, root, joint, gun, piece, weenee, skin-flute, meat-whistle,
tally-whacker...middle leg, short arm, rod of love...Mr. Goodwrench.
Joystick, love muscle, ding-dong, tube steak, pink pencil, bald-headed
mouse....trouser snake...the one-eyed wonder worm.
Jelly roll, pudding, jerk off, jack off, wack off, pull off, beat off, fist-fuck,
wanking, beating your meat, flogging your dong, pounding your pud...beating your
weed, wringing out your rope...stroking it, giving it a tug, beating the
bishop...milking the lizard, choking the chicken...waxing the dolphin.
Wrestling the eel, spank the frank, jerk the gherkin, paddle the pickle, punishing
Percy in your palm...Shooting putty at the moon...pocket pool.
Pimp, hooker, trick, queen, queer, punk, faggot, quiff, dike, diesel dike, lezzie,
bull-dagger, box-plunge, seafood, rough trade, eat me, fuck you, up your ass, fuck
off, piss off, stick it, stuff it, shove it, ram it, jam it, cram it, sit on it,
get laid, get it in, get it on, get it up, mother-fucker, cock-sucker, old fart,
fart-face, fart-sniffer, cock-sniff, asshole, peckerhead, scumbag, fuck up, fuck
off, ball-breaker, ball-buster, a real pisser, cock-teaser, cunt-lapper,
ass-kisser, brown-noser, shithead, shitheel, douche-bag, and mother strapalonean(?)

From cloonasp@westminster.eduWed Mar 19 20:38:35 1997
Date: Tue, 18 Mar 1997 22:28:46 -0500
From: Shaun Cloonan <cloonasp@westminster.edu>
To: gollingj@keystone.westminster.edu
Subject: Fw: Fwd: Cartoon drug use (fwd) -Forwarded -Forwarded

      Date:  03/18/1997  06:36 pm  (Tuesday)  
      From:  Michael Dean <DEANME>
        To:  MichelRA, rushjc, battiscm, BarrSA, Staffpo.FlynnPG, 
             NardisDM, NeilKG, remaletl, gardnejs, geigerke, glassda, 
             cloonasp, CrimonSJ
   Subject:  Fw: Fwd: Cartoon drug use (fwd) -Forwarded

Received: from [205.146.51.167] (167-51.robert-morris.edu [205.146.51.167]) by colonial-server.robert-morris.edu (8.8.4/8.6.12) with SMTP id JAA01129 for <biresbj@westminster.edu>; Tue, 18 Mar 1997 09:56:37 -0500 (EST)
X-NUPop-Charset: English
Date: Tue, 18 Mar 1997 09:56:21 -0500 (EST)
From: "Robert J Mccafferty Jr" <rjmst3@mail.robert-morris.edu>
Sender: rjmst3@mail.robert-morris.edu
Message-Id: <199703180956222926.rjmst3@colonial-server.robert-morris.edu>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
To: biresbj@westminster.edu
Subject: Fw: Fwd: Cartoon drug use (fwd)


------------------------------
From: Juliet079@aol.com 
Date: Fri, 14 Mar 1997 21:36:27 -0500 (EST)
To: rjmst3@colonial-server.robert-morris.edu
Subject: Fwd: Cartoon drug use (fwd)


---------------------
Forwarded message:
From:   sostaric@sgi.net (Ann Marie Sostaric)
To:     fostin@hotmail.com, gbpeter@tiac.net, bfreeman@awod.com,
sunrider@tamuk.edu, red21580@aol.com, juliet079@aol.com, itsme@nauticom.net,
zenonjp@freenet.edmonton.ab.ca, gt6824b@prism.gatech.edu, wishfish@pgh.net,
hades@pgh.nauticom.net, zarthon@wintermute.mafia.com, rasta@asu.edu
Date: 97-03-14 21:06:48 EST

>Return-Path: <remst32+@pitt.edu>
>Date: Fri, 14 Mar 1997 11:40:08 -0500 (EST)
>From: Ruth <remst32+@pitt.edu>
>X-Sender: remst32@unixs5.cis.pitt.edu
>To: sostaric@sgi.net
>Subject: Fwd: Cartoon drug use (fwd)
>
>
>
>---------- Forwarded message ----------
>
>Top Ten Drug Using Cartoon Suspects:
>
>10. Gargamel (From the Smurfs)
> Most likely LSD.  Spends his life in pursuit of little blue guys in
>sissy white outfits and mentally abusing his cat.  What does he plan
>to do with  the blue dwarfs when he catches them anyway?
>
>9. Olive Oyl
> Probably Dexatrim abuse, maybe some amphetamines.  Who is that
>skinny?!  She might even be anorexic, she is always giving her burger
>to her friend.  One side question, what the hell are Popeye and Brutus
>thinking?  What is it her personality?  NOT!
>
>8. Snagglepuss
> Can't explain it.  Maybe it's the name, or the look, but he is
>suspicious.
>
>7. He-Man
> This is an easy one.  I mean c'mon.  Roid monkey #1.  "BY THE POWER
>OF ANABOL!!!!!!" Makes me want to root for Skeletor.  Alone in his
>castle, hitting the weights.  And on top of that he even injects the
>shit in his pet tiger.  Can we say "Animal Abuse".
>
>6.& 5.  Yogi and Boo Boo
> We all know what is really in those picnic baskets.  They go back
>to the cave and trip.  Another side ? - Are they gay?  I mean, take
>a look at BooBoo.  Not that there's anything wrong with that.....
>
>4. Droopy
> The number one downer abuser in toon land.  Can't someone slip him
>an upper every year or two.  The only time I ever saw him happy is
>when he sees  the picture of the babe.  Sort of makes you wonder.
>
>3.Dopey Dwarf
> He openly admits it.  The other dwarfs deny involvement but they
>are under investigation.  Allegations are that Doc is writing some
>extra scripts for Sneezy and all the guys partaking are afloat.
>
>2.Daffy Duck
> If he isn't using crack, Merion Barry is clean.  He is so wired he
>bounces around on his head without pain.  Blows his beak off all the
>time.  Some symptoms might be from "daffiness" but Haldol wouldn't
>work for him.
>
>1.Shaggy
> By far the #1 suspect.  His clothes, his hair, his bad goatee, the
>boy converses with dogs.  But all of this is nothing until you go to
>the Munchie Factor.  Anybody who averages 9.3 dog treats consumed per
>episode does  pot no if, ands, or, buts about it.  And Look at the
>way him and his friends  painted that van! Pretty rad design dude.
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
><< End of Forwarded message >>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>*****************************************************************************
*
>
>* To subscribe to GLBPOC, send mail to:        majordomo@abacus.oxy.edu     *
>* In the mail message, enter ONLY the words:         subscribe glbpoc
>       *
>* To unsubscribe to GLBPOC, send mail to:      majordomo@abacus.oxy.edu     *
>* In the mail message, enter ONLY the words:       unsubscribe glbpoc
>       *
>* Words in the Subject: line are NOT processed!
>                             *
>*****************************************************************************
*
>
>
>
>
>


  The entire universe is based upon the idea of The Magic Triangle:  Ferret
Velocity, Genital Security, and Power Cube.  The spinning of The Magic Triangle
is accomplished by the forces of Nerd Disco and Bonus Points.  The products of
The Magic Triangle are Gravity, Light Beer, and Christie Brinkley.

  When you sit down and REALLY think about it, the answer IS b00g.

  You won't be disappointed, but you might vomit.
				- The Oxygen People.

  "How bout' them `taters, Wallace?"

  Truck driver divorce/ It's verry sad../ Steel Guitars / usually weep all over
it/ Those bold and intelligent masters of the road with their secret language/
and their giant, oversized, mechanical, trans-continental HOBBY HOOOOORSE!
					 - Frank Zappa "Truck Driver Divorce"

  Remember, escape is only a sledgehammer away!

  TERROR FERRET LIVES!

      :yad eht fo g00b

  The only way to solve world problems is with a chessboard.

  "Let's perform Minor Surgery on Woodchucks and pass out on an Oakland Street
Corner!"                                - Zippy The Pinhead

  The Wonder-Lobotomy: All those childhood memories, magically wiped away!

  The day after tommorow is the third day of the rest of your life.
							- Ron S. VanZuylen

  Did YOU know that freshman are IGNITABLE?

  That is B00g. B00g is the way. b00g is also the way, but the only way is with
a wristwatch.

  Fine, go ahead, throw it back in my face. Remember, I feel HAPPY!

  "Rover, HEEL! HEEL! PUT DOWN THE CHAINSAW QUIETLY, ROVER!"

  Mastication in Heaven: Not a pretty sight.

  Consider this: The same dude who can't put together an erector set can
legally own a gun.... Hmm....

  "Gawd-darn it! I can't seem to git the ol' PC a-booting terday."

  This bulletin board is scratch and sniff.. Smell the faucet... Smells just
like electrons.

  Terror Ferret says: "What the hell is it with these late-night pagers? They
only bother me, and YOU don't give a shit, Jason."

  Call your own number and ask for yourself.

  Make believe that this board is in 3-D....

  "Lucky" is a homosexual lephrecan!

  There is no b00g of the day.. Just kidding.

  Hey, is that your face or is my monitor go too much dust on it?

  Calling Doctor Clit into the stale night... Doc Clit.. Where are you?

  Ameoba Porn...

  It's time to ... WASH AWAY THOSE TROUBLES WITH SOME CHEAP COCAINE AND SNORT,
SNIFF, GAG!

  Phhhhfffftt.

  I don't like Frank Sinatra
  OR HIS CHILDREN.

  Q:What did the Gerbils say when the Homosexual walked into the pet store?
  A:"Arf Arf, Bow wow"

  Chicken Noodles from Hell.

  Diane Sawyer-What a Concept.

  B00f from the heart.

Call The Works BBS - 1600+ Textfiles! - [914]/238-8195 - 300/1200 - Always Open

Wot they learn at Universite theze dais

DT:  Journal-Article
TI:  Spelunking as a manifestation of a counterclaustrophobia.
AU:  Myers,-Wayne-A.
JN:  Journal-of-the-American-Psychoanalytic-Association
PY:  1989

AB:  Material is presented from the case history of a 37-yr-old man
whose interest in spelunking (cave exploration) was an unconscious
expression of a type of counter claustrophobia.  Both oedipal and
preoedipal determinants of the claustrophobic anxieties are delineated.

The testicular element in the genesis of the patient's claustrophobia
is emphasized.  A counterphobic element of the spelunking per se was
the Ss' enjoyment in hanging suspended by a rope in caves.

In this manner, he was able to act out (by virtue of his body-testicle
equation) his identification with, and control over, the disappearing
testicles in the setting of a claustrophilic union with the mother.

The recent announcement that Donner and Blitzen have elected to take
the early reindeer retirement package has triggered a good deal of
concern about whether they will be replaced, and about other
restructuring decisions at the North Pole.

Streamlining was  due to the North Pole's loss of dominance of the
season's gift distribution business.  Home shopping channels and
mail order catalogues have diminished Santa's market share.  He could
not sit idly by and permit further erosion of the profit picture.

The reindeer downsizing was made possible through the purchase of
a late model Japanese sled for the CEO's annual trip.  Improved
productivity from Dasher and Dancer, who summered at the Harvard
Business School, is anticipated.  Reduction in reindeer will also
lessen airborne environmental emissions for which the North Pole
has received unfavourable press.

I am pleased to inform you that Rudolph's role will not be disturbed.
Tradition still counts for something at the North Pole. Management
denies, in the strongest possible language, the earlier leak that
Rudolph's nose got that way, not from the cold, but from substance
abuse.  Calling Rudolph "a lush who was into the sauce and never
did pull his share of the load" was an unfortunate comment, made by
one of Santa's helpers and taken out of context at a time of year when he
is known to be under executive stress.

As a further restructuring, today's global challenges require the
North Pole to continue to look for better, more competitive
steps.  Effective immediately, the following economy measures are to take
place in the "Twelve Days of Christmas" subsidiary:

 - The partridge will be retained, but the pear tree never turned
out to be the cash crop forecasted.  It will be replaced by a plastic
hanging plant, providing considerable savings in maintenance;

 - The two turtle doves represent a redundancy that is simply not
cost effective. In addition, their romance during working hours
could not be condoned. The positions are therefore eliminated;

 - The three French hens will remain intact.  After all,
everyone loves the French;

 - The four calling birds were replaced by an automated voice mail
system, with a call waiting option.  An analysis is underway to
determine who the birds have been calling, how often and how
long they talked;

 - The five golden rings have been put on hold by the Board of
Directors.  Maintaining a portfolio based on one commodity could
have negative implications for institutional investors.  Diversification
into other precious metals as well as a mix of T-Bills and high
technology stocks appear to be in order;

 - The six geese-a-laying constitutes a luxury which can no longer
be afforded. It has long been felt that the production rate of one egg
per goose per day is an example of the decline in productivity.
Three geese will be let go, and an upgrading in the selection procedure
by personnel will assure management that from now on every goose it
gets will be a good one;

 - The seven swans-a-swimming is obviously a number chosen in
better times.  The function is primarily decorative.  Mechanical swans
are on order. The current swans will be retrained to learn some new
strokes and therefore enhance their outplacement;

 - As you know, the eight maids-a-milking concept has been under
heavy scrutiny by the EEOC. A male/female balance in the workforce
is being sought. The more militant maids consider this a dead-end job
with no upward mobility. Automation of the process may permit the
maids to try a-mending, a-mentoring or a-mulching;

 - Nine ladies dancing has always been an odd number.  This function
will be phased out as these individuals grow older and can no longer
do the steps;

 - Ten Lords-a-leaping is overkill.  The high cost of Lords plus the
expense of international air travel prompted the Compensation
Committee to suggest replacing this group with ten out-of-work
congressmen.  While leaping ability may be somewhat sacrificed,
the savings are significant because we expect an oversupply of
unemployed local body politicians this year;

 - Eleven pipers piping and twelve drummers drumming is a simple
case of the band getting too big.  A substitution with a string
quartet, a cutback on new music and no uniforms will produce
savings which will drop right down to the bottom line;

We can expect a substantial reduction in assorted people, fowl,
animals and other expenses.  Though incomplete, studies indicate
that stretching deliveries over twelve days is inefficient.  If we can
drop ship in one day, service levels will be improved.

Regarding the lawsuit filed by the attorney's association seeking
expansion to include the legal profession ("thirteen lawyers-a-suing")
action is pending.

Lastly, it is not beyond consideration that deeper cuts may be
necessary in the future to stay competitive.  Should that happen,
the Board will request management to scrutinize the Snow White
Division to see if seven dwarfs is the right number.

Happy Holidays!

 ---------------------------------------------------------------
Philip Saysell, Assistant Advisor (Systems Analyst)
Policy Prevention Section (Cervical Screening Programme)
Ministry of Health, 1st floor, 123 Molesworth St, WELLINGTON

Mail:            Ministry of Health, PO Box 5013, WELLINGTON
Courier:         c/- Ministry of Health, 133 Molesworth St, WELLINGTON
Phone:           +64 4 496 2167
Internet E-Mail: Philip.Saysell@mohwn.synet.net.nz

Disclaimer:  Nothing in this message should be taken to reflect the official 
policy of the New Zealand Government or the Ministry of Health.

From suse-linux-e-return-43263-kuhlmav=elec.canterbury.ac.nz@ns2.suse.com  Thu Dec 28 18:29:42 2000
Date: Thu, 28 Dec 2000 00:27:56 -0500
From: "Fred A. Miller" <fmiller@lightlink.com>
Subject: [SLE] 'Puter lyric for the holidays
Delivered-to: mailing list suse-linux-e@lists.suse.com


By Nicholas Petreley 

T'was the night before deadline when all of us groused,
Not a server was stirring, not even the mouse;
'Cause Windows was hung with a bright blue screen glare,
In need of a service pack that wasn't there. 

My vision was blurring, my face turning red,
While visions of sledgehammers danced in my head.
I put down the manual, gave it a slap.
I just can't believe that we paid for this crap. 

Then out of my trance I arose with a clatter,
I sprang from my chair to be done with the matter.
Away to the garbage I ran like a flash,
And dropped Windows disks in the festering trash. 

The goon who created this product did show
That his knowledge of software had come from below.
When, what to my wondering eyes should appear,
But an OS that's free and it's free as in beer. 

With its modular drivers so stable and quick,
I knew in a moment that Linux was slick.
More rapid than DOS was the manager's claim!
But I whistled and shouted and called and exclaimed; 

"No Crashes! No Errors! No Fussin' and Fixin'!
No problems as stupid as DLL mixin'!"
So I bounced off the porch and I bounced off the wall.
No crash today, crash today, crash today! Haw!! 

Thanks to Samba the OS could run on the sly
Then the manager called me and said to stop by.
So up to the manager's office I flew,
With a fist full of disks and a manual, too. 

Just when I was thinking I'd give him my proof,
He gave me some news in a manner aloof.
As I drew back the disks and was turning around,
My hope for the future came tumbling down. 

He was dressed in all gray, from his head to his foot,
And the points in his hair o'er his ears stood a foot;
A budget immense he had put on a stack,
And he looked like a glutton done eating a snack. 

His eyes, how they squinted! His pimples, how scary!
His breath was like Marlboros, his sneer made me wary. 
His droll little brain was strung tight like a bow,
But he'd gotten the numbers he'd wanted, you know. 

Getting funds for the year was just like pulling teeth,
And the company rarely so much did bequeath.
When you grow a department and don't want to end it,
You beg money for Windows in order to spend it. 

So I knew he'd put Linux plans up on the shelf,
And I'd have to run Windows in spite of myself.
A wink of his eye and a twist of his head,
Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread. 

He spoke not a word, but he showed me his work,
And he told me this year would be chock-full of perks.
And bringing this informal meeting to close,
He said no one's hurt if there's no one who knows. 

He tossed me a disk with the speed of a missile,
With a wink of an eye, and beginning to whistle. 
And I heard him exclaim, as he put fears to rest,
"We'll put Linux on all and we'll pocket the rest." 

Computers and Computing
-----------------------


THE PAST:

"I think there is a world market for maybe five computers."
Thomas Watson, chairman of IBM, 1943

"There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home."
Ken Olson, President, Digital Equipment, 1977

"Computers in the future may weigh no more than 1.5 tons."
Popular Mechanics, forecasting the relentless march of science, 1949

"But what ... is it good for?"
Engineer at the Advanced Computing Systems Division of IBM,
1968, commenting on the microchip.

"I have traveled the length and breadth of this country and talked
with the best people, and I can assure you that data processing is a
fad that won't last out the year."
The editor in charge of business books for Prentice Hall, 1957

"It would appear that we have reached the limits of what it is possible
to achieve with computer technology, although one should be careful with
such statements, as they tend to sound pretty silly in 5 years."
John von Neumann (ca. 1949)

"Contrasting this modest effort [of Seymour Cray in his laboratory to build
the CDC 6600] with 34 people including the janitor with our vast development
activities, I fail to understand why we have lost our industry leadership
position by letting someone else offer the world's most powerful computer."
Thomas J. Watson, IBM President, 1965

"It seems Mr. Watson has answered his own question."
Seymour Cray

"This is the rock-solid principle on which the whole of the Corporation's
[IBM's] Galaxy-wide success is founded... their fundamental design flaws are
completely hidden by their superficial design flaws."
TH Nelson, Computer Lib., 1988, London: Penguin.


GENERAL QUOTATIONS:

"Computer viruses are an urban myth... "
Peter Norton

"I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them."
Isaac Asimov

"Our computer has never had an undetected error."
Weisert

"The computing field is always in need of new cliches."
Alan Perlis


"Computers are useless. They can only give you answers."
Pablo Picasso

"Want to make your computer go really fast? Throw it out the window."
Unknown

"To err is human, but to really foul things up requires a computer."
Farmers' Almanac, 1978

"Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature." 
Kulawiec

"Life was simple before World War II. After that, we had systems."
G. Hopper

"Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about
telescopes."
Professor Edsger Dijkstra

"If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee --
that will do them in."
Bradley's Bromide

"Artificial Intelligence: the art of making computers that behave like the
ones in movies"
Bill Bulko

"No matter how fast your computer system runs, you will eventually come to
think of it as slow."
Unknown

"As the people here grow colder, I turn to my computer, and spend my
evenings with it, like a friend... "
Kate Bush, "Deeper Understanding"

"I just found out that the brain is like a computer. If that's true, then
there really aren't any stupid people. Just people running DOS."

"There are two major products to come out of Berekley:  LSD and UNIX.
We don't believe this to be a coincidence."
Unknown

"Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things
in the world that just don't add up."
James Magary

"In a few minutes a computer can make a mistake so great that it would
have taken many men many months to equal it."
Unknown

"Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they
make it easier to do don't need to be done." 
Andy Rooney

"The danger from computers is not that they will eventually get as
smart as men, but that we will meanwhile agree to meet them halfway."
Bernard Avishai

"The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that
men will begin to think like machines." 
Sydney G. Harris

"In a way, staring into a computer screen is like staring into an eclipse.
It's brilliant and you don't realize the damage until its too late."
Bruce Sterling

"The most overlooked advantage to owning a computer is that if they
foul up there's no law against wacking them around a little."
Porterfield

"Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way.
This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of
complaining."
Jeff Raskin

"The most likely way for the world to be destroyed, most experts agree, is
by accident. That's where we come in; we're computer professionals. We cause
accidents."
Nathaniel Borenstein

"At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will
find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the
computer."
Unknown

"If you put garbage in a computer nothing comes out but garbage. But this
garbage, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow
enobled and none dare criticize it."
Unknown

"Time flies like an arrow.
 Fruit flies like a banana."
Example of why it is difficult to get computers to understand human speech.

"Where did you put it?"
"Put what?"
"You know?"
"Where do you think?"
"Oh."
Nicholas Negroponte Director of the MIT Media Lab stating his ideal model
of human-computer interaction

"There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make 
it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies. And the other way 
is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies."
C.A.R. Hoare

"I have a friend who told me that the greatest computer system ever built 
by mankind was by the Druids at Stonehenge. Well, that's an old story.  
But what I like was that he felt that the Druids didn't die out, they 
just went bankrupt trying to debug the software."
James Finkle

"It's a well known fact that computing devices such as the abacus were
invented thousands of years ago. But it's not well known that the first use
of a common computer protocol occured in the Old Testament. This, of course,
was when Moses aborted the Egyptians' process with a control-sea... "
Tom Galloway

"I have a cat named Trash. In the current political climate it would seem 
that if I were trying to sell him (at least to a Computer Scientist), I 
would not stress that he is gentle to humans and is self-sufficient, living 
mostly on field mice. Rather, I would argue that he is object-oriented."
Roger King

"pixel, n.: A mischievous, magical spirit associated with screen displays.
The computer industry has frequently borrowed from mythology: Witness the
sprites in computer graphics, the demons in artificial intelligence, and the
trolls in the marketing department."
Jeff Meyer

"If EasyFlow doesn't work: tough. If you lose millions because
EasyFlow messes up, it's you that's out the millions, not us. If
you don't like this disclaimer: tough. We reserve the right to do
the absolute minimum provided by law, up to and including nothing.  
This is basically the same disclaimer that comes with all software 
packages, but ours is in plain English and theirs is in legalese.  
We didn't want to include any disclaimer at all, but our lawyers insisted."
Disclaimer from Haventree Softwares's Easy Flow package

"An old puzzle asks how a barometer can be used to measure the height of a
building. Answers range from dropping the instrument from the top and
measuring the time of its fall to giving it to the building's superintendent
in return for a look at the plans. A modern version of the puzzle asks how
a personal computer can balance a checkbook. An elegant solution is to sell
the machine and deposit the money."
Jon Bentley

"The modern computer is capable of answering, in a matter of seconds, 
mathematical questions that would take millions of years for a human being 
to answer (even longer if he stopped for lunch). How does the computer do 
this? Simple. It makes everything up. It knows full well you're not going
to waste millions of years checking up on it. So you should never use 
computers for anything really important, such as balancing your personal 
checkbook. But they're fine for corporate use."
Unknown


THE INFORMATION SUPERHIGHWAY:

"The Net interprets censorship as damage and routes around it."
John Gilmore

"Usenet is like Tetris for people who still remember how to read."
Button from the Computer Museum, Boston, MA

"Usenet isn't a right. It's a right, a left, and a swift uppercut
to the jaw."
Button from the Computer Museum, Boston, MA

"EMAIL - when it absolutely positively has to get lost at the speed
of light."
Unknown

"While modern technology has given people powerful new communication
tools, it apparently can do nothing to alter the fact that many
people have nothing useful to say."
Lee Gomes, San Jose Mercury News

"The Internet is so big, so powerful and pointless that for some people
it is a complete substitute for life."
Andrew Brown

"There are three kinds of death in this world. There's heart death, there's
brain death, and there's being off the network."
Guy Almes

"In view of all the deadly computer viruses that have been spreading lately,
Weekend Update would like to remind you: when you link up to another
computer, you're linking up to every computer that that computer has ever
linked up to."
Dennis Miller, SNL Weekend Update

"The world communications net, the all-involving linkage of electric
circuitry, will grow and become more sensitive. It will also develop new
modes of feedback so that communication can become dialogue instead of
monologue. It will breach the wall between "in" and "out" of school. It
will join all people everywhere."  
Marshall McLuhan,  Learning in the Global Village, 1969

"The skeptic may be pardoned for thinking that hypertext encourages 
irrelevance. What the user can end up with is little more than a series 
of footnotes, marginalia, and "see also" references -- items that have 
historically been relegated to second-class citizenship in the good old 
book format, with the added benefit of not having to stare at a lousy 
screen display to read them... Indeed, when you boil it down to its 
rudiments, hypertext seems to make one major claim: it makes computers work 
almost as well as books."  
Stephen Manes


SHORT THOUGHTS:

A Big Mac, french fries and a large Coke!
A Macintosh a day keeps Apple Happy and Rich!
A supercomputer is a machine, that runs an endless loop in just 2 seconds.
Any given program will expand to fill available memory.
ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI.
"Bother," said Pooh, as he deleted UNIX from his machine.
But honey, I wouldn't be up so late on a faster machine!
Buy a Mac.  It can do SOMETHING right.
Chernobyl used MACs.
Compassion -- that's the one thing no machine ever had.
Complexity of a Mac user:- The number of buttons on the mouse.
Computers aren't intelligent, they only think they are.
Data convinces the Coke machine that Pepsi is better.
Data convinces the Pepsi machine that Coke is better!
DOS is to OS/2 as a bicycle is to a Mack Truck.
EMACS: "Eight Megs And Constantly Swapping"
Go not to the machines for counsel, for they will say both 0 and 1.
God is real, unless declared integer.
God made machine language; all the rest is the work of man.
Help Me Macro Through the Night.
How can you respect a machine controlled by a mouse?
IBM: Its Better Manually
IBM: Its Being Mended
IBM: Intercourse Beats Masturbation
IBM: Intimidation By Marketing
IBM: Itty Bitty Machines
IBM: Ishoulda Boughta Mac
IBM: It's Broken Man
IBM: Industry's Biggest Menace
IBM: Intellectually Benign Machine
IBM: Inferiorly Built Machine
IBM: I befriended Microsoft (remember 1980?)
IBM: I'd Buy Macintosh
BMI: Business Machines International (computers for dyslexics)
I didn't write this; a very complex macro did.
I want my data back, machine, and I want it now!
If a train station is where the train stops, what's a work station?
Intel: Putting the "backward" in "backward compatible".
Its only a macro, only a macro, only a macro...
Just a 2 bit programmer on a 32 bit machine.
Let the machine do the dirty work  (Elements of Programming Style).
Linux* IS user friendly, it's just not very promiscuous about whom it's
	user friendly WITH.
Lord, give me strength to turn this machine off.
Macintosh: Machine Always Crashes If Not OS Hangs
Macintosh error message: "Like, dude, something went wrong."
Macintosh, adj. The excuse for not wanting to learn computing.
Macintosh: The etch-a-sketch you don't have to shake to clear the screen!
Macintosh: Computer With Training Wheels You Can't Remove
Machine Coders do it in bytes.
Machine independent code isn't.
Machine language programmers do it very fast.
Machine-independent:  Does not run on any existing machine.
Macho Programmers Use Edlin.
Macro? Is that short for Macaroni?
"Macros will do that to you deary....."
Modem - Monumentally Overpriced Data Eating Machine
"Newton: A pocket-sized Machine That Goes Ping!"
Real programs don't eat cache.
The nice thing about standards is, there are so many to choose from.
The only good Mac is a big Mac!
"To err is human, to really screw up requires a Mac."
Unix:  When you can't afford the very best.
"What a depressingly stupid machine," said Marvin and trudged away.
Windows 3 - the MAC for the rest of us!


PROGRAMMING:

"Fast, fat computers breed slow, lazy programmers."
Robert Hummel

"Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not
tried it."
Donald Knuth

"Programming just with goto's is like swatting flies with a sledgehammer."
Unknown

"There are two ways to write error-free programs. Only the third one works."
Unknown

"A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in
God."
Unknown

"It's hard to make a program foolproof because fools are so ingenious."
Unknown

"There is not now, and never will be, a language in which it is the least
bit difficult to write bad programs."
Unknown

"If debugging is the art of removing bugs, then programming must be the art
of inserting them."
Unknown

"You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on
the continuing viability of Fortran."
Alan Perlis

"Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to
build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying
to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning."
Rich Cook

"The most important thing in the programming language is the name. A language
will not succeed without a good name. I have recently invented a very good
name and now I am looking for a suitable language."
D. E. Knuth

"The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be
regarded as a criminal offense."
Professor Edsger Dijkstra 

"It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that
have had prior exposure to BASIC; as potential programmers they are mentally
mutilated beyond hope of regeneration."
Professor Edsger Dijkstra

"As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it
wasn't as easy to get programs right as we had thought. Debugging had to
be discovered. I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a
large part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding
mistakes in my own programs."
Maurice Wilkes discovers debugging, 1949

Real Programmers don't write in COBOL. COBOL is for wimpy applications
programmers.

Real Programmers don't write in FORTRAN. FORTRAN is for pipe stress freaks and
crystallography weenies.

Real Programmers don't write in PASCAL, or BLISS, or ADA, or any of
those pinko computer science languages. Strong typing is for people with
weak memories.

Real Programmers don't comment their code. If it was hard to write, it should
be hard to understand.

Real Programmers don't write specs -- users should consider themselves
lucky to get any programs at all and take what they get.

Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires you to
change clothes. Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers wear their
climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly spring up in the
middle of the machine room.


THE MANUALS:

"Do not expose your LaserWriter to fire or intense heat."
Apple LaserWriter manual

"Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and
when it is bad, it is better than nothing."
Dick Brandon	


"This document describes the usage and input syntax of the Unix Vax-11
assembler As.  As is designed for assembling code produced by the "C"
compiler; certain concessions have been made to handle code written
directly by people, but in general little sympathy has been extended."
Berkeley Vax/Unix Assembler Reference Manual (1983)

"Now that we have all this useful information, it would be nice to do
something with it.  (Actually, it can be emotionally fulfilling just to
get the information.  This is usually only true, however, if you have
the social life of a kumquat.)"
Unix Programmer's Manual

"All parts should go together without forcing. You must remember that
the parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you. Therefore, if
you can't get them together again, there must be a reason. By all means,
do not use a hammer."
IBM maintenance manual, 1925

"Program -- A set of instructions, given to the computer, describing
the sequence of steps the computer performs in order to accomplish a
specific task.  The task must be specific, such as balancing your
checkbook or editing your text. A general task, such as working for
world peace, is something we can all do, but not something we can
currently write programs to do."
From Unix User's Manual Manual, Supplementary Documents, p. 14-3:


Copyright: Kevin Harris 1995 (may be freely distributed with this
acknowledgement)

From http://www.rpg.net/realm/evil.html


Classic Blunders of Evil Overlords

The original had no author's credits. There is a later version floating
around with a 1996 copyright by Peter Anspach, which has subtle differences
from this one. In particular, #8 is better in this version. However, his
version has many more entries, so it is included in its entirety.

     If one believes the movies, any Evil Overlord will make one of a small
     number of "Classic Blunders". This Blunder will inevitably lead to the
     downfall of the Evil Overlord (by whatever title s/he is known).

     Therefore, I have made a list of Things to Avoid, should I ever be in
     the position of Evil Overlord.

                        If I ever become an Evil Overlord:

       1. My legions of terror will have helmets with clear plexiglass
          visors, not face-concealing ones.
       2. My ventilation ducts will be too small to crawl through.
       3. My noble half-brother whose throne I usurped will be killed, not
          kept anonymously imprisoned in a forgotten cell of my dungeon.
       4. Shooting is _not_ too good for my enemies.
       5. The artifact which is the source of my power will not be kept on
          the Mountain of Despair beyond the River of Fire guarded by the
          Dragons of Eternity. It will be in my safe-deposit box.
       6. I will not gloat over my enemies' predicament before killing them.
       7. When the rebel leader challenges me to fight one-on-one and asks,
          "Or are you afraid without your armies to back you up?" My reply
          will be, "No, just sensible."
       8. When I've captured my adversary and he says, "Look, before you
          kill me, will you at least tell me what this is all about?" I'll
          shoot him, and then say "No".
       9. After I kidnap the beautiful princess, we will be married
          immediately in a quiet civil ceremony, not a lavish spectacle in
          three weeks time during which the final phase of my plan will be
          carried out.
      10. I will not include a self-destruct mechanism unless absolutely
          necessary. If it is necessary, it will not be a large red button
          labelled "Danger: Do Not Push".
      11. I will not order my trusted lieutenant to kill the infant who is
          destined to overthrow me -- I'll do it myself.
      12. I will not interrogate my enemies in the inner sanctum -- a small
          hotel well outside my borders will work just as well.
      13. I will be secure in my superiority. Therefore, I will feel no need
          to prove it by leaving clues in the form of riddles or leaving my
          weaker enemies alive to show they pose no threat.
      14. I will not waste time making my enemy's death look like an
          accident: I'm not accountable to anyone and my other enemies
          wouldn't believe it.
      15. I will make it clear that I _do_ know the meaning of the word
          "mercy"; I simply choose not show them any.
      16. One of my advisors will be an average five-year-old child. Any
          flaws in my plan that he is able to spot will be corrected before
          implementation.
      17. All slain enemies will be cremated, not left for dead at the
          bottom of the cliff. The announcement of their deaths, as well as
          any accompanying celebration, will be deferred until after the
          aforementioned disposal.
      18. My undercover agents will not have tattoos identifying them as
          members of my organization, nor will they be required to wear
          military boots or adhere to any other dress codes.
      19. The hero is not entitled to a last kiss, a last cigarette, or any
          other form of last request.
      20. I will never employ any device with a digital countdown. If I find
          that such a device is absolutely unavoidable, I will set it to
          activate when the counter reaches 117 and the hero is just putting
          his plan into operation.
      21. I will design all doomsday machines myself. If I must hire a mad
          scientist to assist me, I will make sure that he is sufficiently
          twisted to never regret his evil ways and seek to undo the damage
          he's caused.
      22. I will never utter the sentence "But before I kill you, there's
          just one thing I want to know."
      23. When I employ people as advisors, I will occasionally listen to
          their advice. (End of original, start of new section)
      24. I will not have a son. Although his laughably under-planned
          attempt to usurp power would easily fail, it would provide a fatal
          distraction at a crucial point in time.
      25. I will not have a daughter. She would be as beautiful as she was
          evil, but one look at the hero's rugged countenance and she'd
          betray her own father.
      26. Despite its proven stress-relieving effect, I will not indulge in
          maniacal laughter. When so occupied, it's too easy to miss
          unexpected developments that a more attentive individual could
          adjust to accordingly.
      27. I will hire a talented fashion designer to create original
          uniforms for my legions of terror, as opposed to some cheap
          knock-offs that make them look like Nazi stormtroopers, Roman
          footsoldiers, or savage Mongol hordes. All were eventually
          defeated and I want my troops to have a more positive mind-set.
      28. No matter how tempted I am with the prospect of unlimited power, I
          will not consume any energy field bigger than my head.
      29. I will keep a special cache of low-tech weapons and train my
          troops in their use. That way -- even if the heroes manage to
          neutralize my power generator and/or render the standard-issue
          energy weapons useless -- my troops will not be overrun by a
          handful of savages armed with spears and rocks.
      30. I will maintain a realistic assessment of my strengths and
          weaknesses. Even though this takes some of the fun out of the job,
          at least I will never utter the line "No, this cannot be! I AM
          INVINCIBLE!!!" (After that, death is usually instantaneous.)
      31. No matter how well it would perform, I will never construct any
          sort of machinery which is completely indestructable except for
          one small and virtually inaccessible vulnerable spot.
      32. If I am engaged in a duel to the death with the hero and I am
          fortunate enough to knock the weapon out of his hand, I will
          graciously allow him to retrieve it. This is not from a sense of
          fair play; rather, he will be so startled and confused that I will
          easily be able to dispatch him.
      33. No matter how attractive certain members of the rebellion are,
          there is probably someone just as attractive who is not desperate
          to kill me. Therefore, I will think twice before ordering a
          prisoner sent to my bedchamber.
      34. I will never build only one of anything important. For the same
          reason I will always carry at least two fully loaded weapons at
          all times.
      35. If my supreme command center comes under attack, I will
          immediately flee to safety in my prepared escape pod and direct
          the defenses from there. I will not wait until the troops break
          into my inner sanctum to attempt this.
      36. My pet monster will be kept in a secure cage from which it cannot
          escape and into which I could not accidentally stumble.
      37. Even though I don't really care because I plan on living forever,
          I will hire engineers who are able to build me a fortress sturdy
          enough that, if I am slain, it won't tumble to the ground for no
          good structural reason.
      38. I will dress in bright and cheery colors, and so throw my enemies
          into confusion.
      39. All bumbling conjurers, clumsy squires, no-talent bards, and
          cowardly thieves in the land will be pre-emptively put to death.
          My foes will surely give up and abandon their quest if they have
          no source of comic relief.
      40. All naive, busty tavern wenches in my realm will be replaced with
          surly, world-weary waitresses who will provide no unexpected
          reinforcement and/or romantic subplot for the hero or his
          sidekick.
      41. Any and all magic and/or technology that can miraculously
          resurrect a secondary character who has given up his/her life
          through self sacrifice will be outlawed and destroyed.
      42. I will not fly into a rage and kill a messenger who brings me bad
          news just to illustrate how evil I really am. Good messengers are
          hard to come by.
      43. I will see to it that plucky young lads/lasses in strange clothes
          and with the accent of an outlander shall REGULARLY climb some
          monument in the main sqaure of my capital and denounce me, claim
          to know the secret of my power, rally the masses to rebellion,
          etc. That way, the citizens will be jaded in case the real thing
          ever comes along.
      44. I won't require high-ranking female members of my organization to
          wear a stainless-steel bustier. Morale is better with a more
          casual dress-code. Similarly, outfits made entirely from black
          leather will be reserved for formal occasions.
      45. I will not employ devious schemes that involve the hero's party
          getting into my inner sanctum before the trap is sprung.
      46. I will not turn into a snake. It never helps.
      47. I will not grow a goatee. In the old days they made you look
          diabolic. Now they just make you look like a disaffected member of
          Generation X.
      48. I will not imprison members of the same party in the same cell
          block, let alone the same cell. If they are important prisoners, I
          will keep the only key to the cell door on my person instead of
          handing out copies to every bottom-rung guard in the prison.
      49. If my trusted lieutenant tells me my Legions of Terror are losing
          a battle, I will believe him. After all, he's my trusted
          lieutenant.
      50. If an enemy I have just killed has a younger sibling or offspring
          anywhere, I will find them and have them killed immediately,
          instead of waiting for them to grow up harboring feelings of
          vengance towards me in my old age.
      51. If I absolutely must ride into battle, I will certainly not ride
          at the forefront of my Legions of Terror, nor will I seek out my
          opposite number among his army.
      52. I will be neither chivalrous nor sporting. If I have an
          unstoppable superweapon, I will use it as early and as often as
          possible instead of keeping it in reserve.
      53. Once my power is secure, I will destroy all those pesky
          time-travel devices.
      54. I will offer oracles the choice of working exclusively for me or
          being executed.
      55. When I capture the hero, I will make sure I also get his dog,
          monkey, ferret, or whatever sickeningly cute little animal capable
          of untying ropes and filching keys happens to follow him around.
      56. I will maintain a healthy amount of skepticism when I capture the
          beautiful rebel and she claims she is attracted to my power and
          good looks and will gladly betray her companions if I just let her
          in on my plans.
      57. I will only employ bounty hunters who work for money. Those who
          work for the pleasure of the hunt tend to do dumb things like even
          the odds to give the other guy a sporting chance.
      58. I will not rely entirely upon "totally reliable" spells that can
          be neutralized by relatively inconspicuous talismen.
      59. I will make sure I have a clear understanding of who is
          responsible for what in my organization. For example, if my
          general screws up I will not draw my weapon, point it at him, say
          "And here is the price for failure," then suddenly turn and kill
          some random underling.
      60. If an advisor says to me "My liege, he is but one man. What can
          one man possibly do?", I will reply "This." and kill the advisor.
      61. If I learn that a callow youth has begun a quest to destroy me, I
          will slay him while he is still a callow youth instead of waiting
          for him to mature.
      62. I will treat any beast which I control through magic or technology
          with respect and kindness. Thus if the control is ever broken, it
          will not immediately come after me for revenge.
      63. If I learn the whereabouts of the one artifact which can destroy
          me, I will not send all my troops out to seize it. Instead I will
          send them out to seize something else and quietly put a Want-Ad in
          the local paper.
      64. My main computers will have their own special operating system
          that will be completely incompatable with standard IBM and
          Macintosh powerbooks.
      65. I will make the main entrance to my fortress standard-sized. While
          elaborate 60-foot high double-doors definitely impress the masses,
          they are hard to close quickly in an emergency.
      66. If one of my dungeon guards begins expressing concern over the
          conditions in the beautiful princess' cell, I will immediately
          transfer him to a less people-oriented position.
      67. I will hire a team of board-certified architects and surveyors to
          examine my castle and inform me of any secret passages and
          abandoned tunnels that I might not know about.
      68. If the beautiful princess that I capture says "I'll never marry
          you! Never, do you hear me, NEVER!!!", I will say "Oh well" and
          kill her.
      69. I will not strike a bargain with a demonic being then attempt to
          double-cross it simply because I feel like being contrary.
      70. Finally, to keep my subjects permanently locked in a mindless
          trance, I will provide each of them with free unlimited Internet
          access.


  50 WAYS TO CONFUSE, WORRY, OR JUST SCARE THE BEJEEZUS OUT OF         
                  PEOPLE IN THE COMPUTER LAB  

1.  Log on, wait a sec, then get a frightened look on your face 
    and scream "Oh my God!  They've found me!" and bolt.

2.  Laugh uncontrollably for about 3 minutes & then suddenly stop
    and look suspiciously at everyone who looks at you.

3.  When your computer is turned off, complain to the monitor on
    duty that you can't get the damn thing to work.  After 
    he/she's turned it on, wait 5 minutes, turn it off again, & 
    repeat the process for a good half hour.

4.  Type frantically, often stopping to look at the person next 
    to you evilly.

5.  Before anyone else is in the lab, connect each computer to
    different screen than the one it's set up with.
           
6.  Write a program that plays the "Smurfs" theme song and play 
    it at the highest volume possible over & over again.

7.  Work normally for a while. Suddenly look amazingly startled 
    by something on the screen and crawl underneath the desk.

8.  Ask the person next to you if they know how to tap into
    top-secret Pentagon files.

9.  Use Interactive Send to make passes at people you don't know.

10.  Make a small ritual sacrifice to the computer before you 
     turn it on.

11.  Bring a chainsaw, but don't use it. If anyone asks why you 
     have it, say "Just in case..." mysteriously.

12.  Type on VAX for a while.  Suddenly start cursing for 3 
     minutes at everything bad about your life.  Then stop and 
     continue typing.

13.  Enter the lab, undress, and start staring at other people as
     if they're crazy while typing.

14.  Light candles in a pentagram around your terminal before
     starting.

15.  Ask around for a spare disk.  Offer $2.  Keep asking until
     someone agrees. Then, pull a disk out of your fly and say, 
     "Oops, I forgot."

16.  Every time you press Return and there is processing time
     required, pray "Ohpleaseohpleaseohpleaseohplease," and 
     scream "YES!" when it finishes.

17.  "DISK FIGHT!!!"

18.  Start making out with the person at the terminal next to you    
     (It helps if you know them, but this is also a great way to
     make new friends).

19.  Put a straw in your mouth and put your hands in your 
     pockets.  Type by hitting the keys with the straw.

20.  If you're sitting in a swivel chair, spin around singing 
     "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" whenever there is processing time     
     required. 

21.  Draw a pictue of a woman (or man) on a piece of paper, tape 
     it to your monitor.  Try to seduce it.  Act like it hates 
     you and then complain loudly that women (men) are worthless.

22.  Try to stick a Nintendo cartridge into the 3 1/2 disc   
     drive, when it doesn't work, get the supervisor.

23.  When you are on an IBM, and when you turn it on, ask loudly
     where the smiling Apple face is when you turn on one of 
     those.

24.  Print out the complete works of Shakespeare, then when its 
     all done (two days later) say that all you wanted was one 
     line.

25.  Sit and stare at the screen, biting your nails noisely.  
     After doing this for a while, spit them out at the feet of 
     the person next to you.

26.  Stare at the screen, grind your teeth, stop, look at the 
     person next to grinding.  Repeat procedure, making sure you
     never provoke the person enough to let them blow up, as this
     releases tension, and it is far more effective to let them 
     linger.

27.  If you have long hair, take a typing break, look for split
     ends, cut them and deposit them on your neighbor's keyboard
     as you leave.

28.  Put a large, gold-framed portrait of the British Royal 
     Family on your desk and loudly proclaim that it inspires 
     you.

29.  Come to the lab wearing several layers of socks.  Remove 
     shoes and place them of top of the monitor.  Remove socks 
     layer by layer and drape them around the monitor.  Exclaim 
     sudden haiku about the aesthetic beauty of cotton on 
     plastic.

30.  Take the keyboard and sit under the computer.  Type up your
     paper like this.  Then go to the lab supervisor and complain
     about the bad working conditions. 

31.  Laugh hysterically, shout "You will all perish in flames!!!"
     and continue working.

32.  Bring some dry ice & make it look like your computer is 
     smoking.

33.  Assign a musical note to every key (ie. the Delete key is A
     Flat, the B key is F sharp, etc.).  Whenever you hit a key,
     hum its note loudly. Write an entire paper this way.

34.  Attempt to eat your computer's mouse.

35.  Borrow someone else's keyboard by reaching over, saying 
     "Excuse me, mind if I borrow this for a sec?", unplugging 
     the keyboard & taking it.

36.  Bring in a bunch of magnets and have fun.  

37.  When doing calculations, pull out an abacus and say that
     sometimes the old ways are best.

38.  Play Pong for hours on the most powerful computer in the 
     lab.

39.  Make a loud noise of hitting the same key over and over 
     again until you see that your neighbor is noticing (You can 
     hit the space bar so your fill isn't affected).  Then look 
     at your neighbor's keyboard.  Hit his/her delete key several
     times, erasing an entire word.  While you do this, ask:
     "Does *your* delete key work?"  Shake your head, and resume
     hitting the space bar on your keyboard.  Keep doing this 
     until you've deleted about a page of your neighbor's 
     document.  Then, suddenly exclaim: "Well, whaddya know? I've
     been hitting the space bar this whole time. No wonder it 
     wasn't deleting! Ha!"  Print out your document and leave.

40.  Remove your disk from the drive and hide it.  Go to the lab
     monitor and complain that your computer ate your disk.  (For
     special effects, put some Elmer's Glue on or around the disk
     drive.  Claim that the computer is drooling.)

41.  Stare at the person's next to your's screen, look really
     puzzled, burst out laughing, and say "You did that?" loudly.    
     Keep laughing, grab your stuff and leave, howling as you go.
        
42.  Point at the screen.  Chant in a made up language while 
     making elaborate hand gestures for a minute or two.  Press 
     return or the mouse, then leap back and yell 
     "COVEEEEERRRRRR!"  peek up from under the table, walk back 
     to the computer and say.  "Oh, good.  It worked this time," 
     and calmly start to type again.

43.  Keep looking at invisible bugs and trying to swat them.

44.  See who's online.  Send a total stranger a talk request.  
     Talk to them like you've known them all your lives.  Hangup     
     before they get a chance to figure out you're a total 
     stranger.

45.  Bring an small tape player with a tape of really absurd sound
     effects.  Pretend it's the computer and look really lost.

46.  Pull out a pencil.  Start writing on the screen.  Complain 
     that the lead doesn't work.

47.  Come into the computer lab wearing several endangered 
     species of flowers in your hair.  Smile incessantly.  Type a
     sentence, then laugh happily, exclaim "You're such a
     marvel!!", and kiss the screen.  Repeat this after every
     sentence.  As your ecstasy mounts, also hug the keyboard. 
     Finally, hug your neighbor, then the computer assistant, and
     walk out.

48.  Run into the computer lab, shout "Armageddon is here!!!!!",
     then calmly sit down and begin to type.

49.  Quietly walk into the computer lab with a Black and Decker
     chainsaw, rev that baby up, and then walk up to the nearest
     person and say "Give me that computer or you'll be feeding
     my pet crocodile for the next week".

50.  Two words:  Tesla Coil.

		      + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
			       QUIP SNIPS
			 By William D. Tammeus
			Of The Kansas City Star
		      + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
  A satellite has discovered that a huge distant galaxy gives off mostly heat
instead of light.  Must be folks there are in the midst of a political
campaign.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If Fritz Mondale wants a real running mate, our suggestion, from what we saw
on TV recently, would be Larry Bird or Cedric Maxwell of the Boston Celtics.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Just to keep the record straight, what is called a heatwave in the Northeast
is called regular old summer in the Midwest.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  There are hints of peace moves in the Iran-Iraq war, but both sides still seem
capable of overcoming them.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We frankly don't know much about Pelsor, Arkansas, except that our postcard
mail reveals it's hospitable enough to be home to at least one cute spotted
fawn.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A new book claims Pope John Paul I was murdered.  Critics denouncing the
conclusion would do well to refrain from calling it papal bull.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Pay phone calls in New York are going up to a quarter.  If you don't mind
waiting a few days for your cab, you can send a letter for a nickel less.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Security was tight in Switzerland for the pope's visit, it's repo{rted.  That's
terrible.  Someone should have sobered them up.  They had dangerous work to do.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Sikh soldiers have been deserting the army of India. Why?  No M*A*S*H units?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  For Hallmark's acquisition of the Crayolo company, what's an appropriate card
to send, "Hip, Hip, Hue-ray"?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  As nearly as we can figure it, the handsome young guys in the Father's Day ads
have been dating the lithe young women in the Mother's Day ads.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Democrats now have to write a national party platform that will do two things:
 Be hard hitting and precise and be circumspect and general.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  These days there are so many channels of communication that it takes serious
dedication to remain uninformed.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Maybe Fritz Mondale could choose Jimmy Carter as a running mate.  Or has he
given up the idea of revenge?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Hells Angels held an international meeting in Missouri recently.	Events
like this can be unnerving but, like everything else, this runs in cycles.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Scientists studying new satellite information think there are as many as 40
close stars around which planets will form.  The future for big developers looks
better each day.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Test-tube triplets were born in Texas recently--probably the only state where
|z Mondale is under pressure to select a Southerner or a woman
as a running mate.  Why not both in one?  How about the queen of the New
Orleans' World's Fair?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Reagan says he's engaged in "quiet diplomacy" with the Soviets, and we
gather that means more than that he's simply turned the volume down on his
hearing aid.
  A new poll shows most Democrats want a Mondale-Hart ticket.  That should
pretty well snuff out the chances of it happening.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  There's also been talk of Fritz Mondale running with Lee Iacocca.  Hmmmmm.
Ethnically, can Democrats geP`eway with two candidates whose last names end in
vowels?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Analysts think a Mondale-Hart ticket is possible.  Makes sense.  It'd give Mr.
Mondale confidence that Mr. Hart would never be heard from again.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Hart and Mondale folks have been talking informally to see if they can
make a deal, it's reported.  The good news so far is they've apparently agreed
to limit nuclear weapons.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  No, just because Mr. Mondale says he's begun "broad consultations" with party
leaders about a running mate doesn't mean he'll select a woman.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gary Hart won 28 primaries or caucuses, compared with 24 for Fritz Mondale, it
turned out. It reinforces our belief that the Democrats should nominate
Uncommitted.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gary Hart is under pressure to give in and support Fritz Mondale.  It would be
a nice gesture, but is there time between now and November to take back
everything he's said?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  At the Democratic convention this summer we're likely to see delegate
challenges and floor fights.  This is in addition, of course, to the contest for
goofiest hat.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Another way to slash the federal deficit would be to fix the{_ calendar so the
year has two April 15s in it.
  Rep. Geraldine Ferraro says she'll allow herself to be nominated as a
Democratic vice presidential candidate.  It's astounding what distasteful things
people will do for their party.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Letter carriers, who normally must keep a wary eye out for nasty dogs, now
also must avoid being set upon by packs of wild youngsters awaiting Michael
Jackson tickets.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Los Angeles is sprucing up for the Olympics.	And it won't surprise us to find
a newly installed cleaner variety of smog.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Testifying to a Senate subcommittee, a fundamentalist minister says the IRS is
"a terrorist organization."  That's why our tax man is Yassir Block.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Based just on what we see on the streets, we've concluded that either driver's
education courses are a myth or everyone cuts class.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  One reason the Founding Fathers had more time to read and think is they didn't
have to fill out as many magazine sweepstakes entry forms.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Jesse Jackson finally repudiates what Louis Farrakhan has been saying.  If Mr.
Jackson's enemies had done him as much good as his friends have done him harm
he'd be the nominee.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The time to be suspicious of Jesse Jackson's Cuban trip is when the freed
American prisoners show up at the Democratic convention as delegates.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If states don't raise the drinking age to 21 they'll lose federal highway
funds.	Isn't that highway robbery?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Raising the drinking age to 21 but keeping the voting age at 18 means citizens
have just three years in which they legally must be sober to cast a ballot.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Among the harsher measures we've heard of to reduce drunken driving is one
that, on the second offense, would take away your throat.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  It seems unfair that the Supreme Court has freed college football from the
NCAA's grip on telecasts but has left USFL teams tied to the USFL.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  It's hard to understand why--just when we need them for a patriotic Fourth of
July--Kansas wheat farmers cut down all the amber waves of grain.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  When the 13 colonies approved independence, 12 said yes and New York
abstained.  Should it have been worded:  "We hold these truths to be 92.3
percent self-evident"?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Only men--56 of them--signed the Declaration of Independence. It's amazing how
well a nation can hold up when begun by Founding Sexists.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  History books say the Declaration of Independence was largely written by
Thomas Jefferson.  From looking at it we'd say it was even more largely written
by John Hancock.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Of the 56 Declaration of Independence signers, 23 were lawyers.  It was one
way to guarantee it would have appeal.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Still, the Founding Fathers weren't so great.  For instance, we find no
evidence any of them could break dance.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We suppose the name goes back to the first person whose hut was burned to the
ground, causing him to point and say, "Look!  Fire works!"
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Some Declaration of Independence signers had unusual first names, such as
Button, Caesar and Elbridge.  But the guy they sent it to had an odd first name,
too:  King.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Founding Fathers had some things easier.	For instance, on July 4 nights
they never had to protect their homes from nuts with bottle rockets.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Geologists say they've found an earthquake fault within 3 miles of Mr.
Reagan's ranch. Just 3 miles?  How does he do it?  Even THAT can't be called
Reagan's Fault.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The man at the next desk, back from vacation, says you can't hold the ocean up
to your ear and hear sea shells.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The new national debt ceiling will be $1,573 billion.  Or, put another way,
$1.573 trillion. Or, another way, aaarrrggghhh!!!
	  <<<<***>>>>
  It ought to be easier than it is to govern a 208-year-old country in which
people are willing to pay scalpers' prices for concert tickets that started out
at scalpers' prices.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Some Kansas City crime leaders have asked for help from the Chicago mob, it's
reported.  Why aren't we comforted by such private sector initiatives?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A new study says kids should start school at age 4.  Think what that could
mean in a few years--high schoolers who are even more immature.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Congress has approved an increase in the national debt ceiling.  The
surprising thing is there are reporters and editors who still think this is
news.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Senate passed the debt ceiling hike with no debate. Just as well.  It's
already been talked to debt.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Still, the housing price rise means we've been able to get into a high-priced
neighborhood without even moving.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Maybe Fritz Mondale, under increasing pressure to pick a woman running mate,
could satisfy everyone by naming Lee Hart.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If Mr. Mondale wants a woman veep who's well known and who has been close to
the center of power he might ask Nancy Reagan.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The current best bet for a woman veep is Rep. Geraldine Ferraro of Queens.
Luckily for her she's not from Kings.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Scientists speculate that comets crash into the earth every 26 million years,
wiping out whole species of animals. Next time we hope they aim at slugs.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Acid rain is a big problem in Florida, too, it's reported.  It raises the
question of what good they'll be when they become Neverglades.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Diane Sawyer will join "60 Minutes" this fall or winter. And it won't be long
before CBS may have to rename it "60 Anchors."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The presidential campaign has been draining.	In fact, it will come as no
surprise to learn that Fritz Mondale is looking for a walking mate.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Sen. Lloyd Bentsen is getting lots of ink as a possible running mate for Fritz
Mondale. He's come a long way.  We remember when he was just an aide to a
governor on a TV show.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Man-made pollution has been deteriorating forests in the eastern U.S. for more
than 20 years, it's reported.  It soon may be impossible to bark up the wrong
tree.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Life certainly was lots simpler before we had all of this technology to make
life simpler.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A Marine general says conventional war with the Soviets is "almost
inevitable." So should we hurry up and start one before one starts itself?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Reagan disagrees that conventional war with the Soviets is nearly
inevitable. What's the bad news?  That a nuclear one is?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If you want the truth, all this controversy about whether there should be
leaded gasoline exhausts us.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Reagan-Bush campaign reports having a surplus of more than $10 million.
Can't we hire the campaign manager as federal budget director?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The most recent figures show Gary Hart's campaign nearly $5 million in debt.
That's the kind of debt you almost have to be an ex-president to afford.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Supreme Court decision on televising college football games is a bit
confusing.  But what do you expect from a team that has just nine members, all
of whom sit on the bench?
  The year is speeding by. Already the baseball All-Star break is here, and
bare~Y"a few weeks beyond that is the Christmas shopping season.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The space shuttle may be progress, but when other airlines cancel flights at
least they try to get you booked on another plane.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Our office softball team's recent 16-3 victory caused the coach to set up a
special commission to fi}ind out what went right.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Major League baseball players say artificial turf is hard on their legs.  As a
replacement could stadiums use Nerf?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Tip O'Neill says Fritz Mondale's running mate will be either Gary Hart or a
woman. That narrows it down to just over half the population.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gary Hart says he can't wait for the '88 presidential campaign.  Luckily for
him, it'll begin in a few months.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Running your air conditioner a lot now also helps stop spoilage of the last
few of your leftover holiday fruitcakes.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The national newspaper we would really like would have a reporting staff of
seers and prophets and be called "USA Tomorrow."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  One speaker at this summer's Democratic national convention will be Jimmy
Carter. Apparently no one fears a spontaneous movement to draft him.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We're looking forward to hearing Mr. Carter speak to the Democratic
convention, and hope he'll update us on how Amy and Brother Billy are doing.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  European countries are worried about acid rain, too.	Has anyone yet tried
high pH umbrellas?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Immigration officials already are tightening security in Los Angeles for the
Summer Olympics. Too late, however, to keep out most Californians.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The prime rate is now at its highest level since October, 1982.  And is
further proof that the government isn't losing interest in the economy.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  These disputes between baseball managers and umpires slow down our reading of
the paper too much.  We have to pause to translate all the (bleeps).
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Reading "bleep" quotes in the paper from baseball umpires makes us see more
clearly why they're called the men in blue.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Inspired by a current movie, we're thinking of starting a company that will
rid your house of folks who stay too long after dinner.  The company's name?
What else?  Guestbusters.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Our second idea for a new company would rid your back yard of especially nasty
kids.  Its name?  Grossbusters.
  Imagine how Gerry Ferraro's mother feels.  She sacrifices to give her daughter
everything, but when the child grows up she gets picked for a job attending
foreign funerals.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We suppose now we should be ready for endless joke reruns that will go
something like: "Who was that lady I saw you with?"  "That was no lady, that was
my vice president."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  How can Geraldine Ferraro help balance the ticket?  Why, we bet Fritz Mondale
outweighs her by 80 pounds.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  To people who say women shouldn't work outside the home, Ms. Ferraro can say,
"I won't be.  I'll be vice president, remember?"
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Rep. Ferraro's husband is John Zaccaro, a real estate developer.  Do we need
anyone in Washington who could turn the White House into a condo?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Geraldine Ferraro's husband no doubt now is preparing for the inevitable
questions about his favorite recipes.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "My parents are so in love with each other it is sickening," says Ms.
Ferraro's daughter, Donna.  But can their marriage withstand Mr. Zaccaro having
the only real job in the family?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If nothing else, a Mondale-Ferraro ticket will outsyllable a Reagan-Bush
ticket by two.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Rep. Ferraro is a lawyer.  She could get elected by a large majority if only
fellow lawyers voted for her.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Bella Abzug says having Ms. Ferraro on the ticket will be "a whole new step in
American history."  We're still waiting to find out what it was taken in.  A
Naturalizer, maybe?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  There are three children in the Ferraro-Zaccaro family: Donna, John and Laura.
 You have to feel good about a country in which kids can aspire to follow in
their mother's footsteps.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The congressional district Gerry Ferraro represents is the one Archie Bunker
supposedly lives in.  We're glad Fritz Mondale didn't pick Edith.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Our friend Orly says he figures Mr. Mondale put Ms. Ferraro on the ticket just
to help him skirt more issues.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Aunt Ilse from Oelwein calls to say she hopes everyone in Dallas had fun at
the Jackson concerts and to ask if we know of any plans for a Julliard String
Quartet Victory Tour.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  While watching the All-Star game, did you notice how pervasive the Michael
Jackson look has become?  A whole field full of guys wearing one glove.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Break dancing can cause many injuries, doctors say.  Such as chapped wrists
from handcuffs.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Elderly Americans are moving back to cities, experts say. Why not?  It's
relaxing to be near millions of folks who have to go to work when you don't.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Europe has illegal aliens, too, it's reported.  Many folks around the world
are making it hard for their high school reunion committees to find them.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  U.S.-Soviet talks on anti-satellite weapons appear likely.  They'll begin as
soon as both sides can find ideas the other side is sure to reject.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  California and Texas may split millions of dollars from the Howard Hughes
estate.  We know the estate is real but have never been sure either of those
states is.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Wouldn't the true philanthropist avoid the middleman by not attending a
Michael Jackson concert, preferring instead to send a donation directly to
charity?
  A seascape painting was sold at auction in London the other day for more than
$10 mi~rllion. Did it include the off-shore oil drilling rights?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A new poll shows the public thinks presidential campaigns last too long.  And
polls reminding us of them don't help, either.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Some folks in Washington, D.C., are paying up to $20,8 to own a parking
space, it's reported.  The ones there that cost more are called congressional
seats.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Still, we'd feel attacked by future shock if we discovered that one of our
favorite downtown parking lots had decided to go condo.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Census Bureau reports there ard fewer laundries and dry cleaners in the
U.S. than in the past.	Apparently some of them weren't able to remove red ink
stains.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We're still waiting for some entrepreneur to open a shop that would offer to
clean up yards--a lawndry.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Even Muhammed Ali has denounced Louis Farrakhan.  Is this what is known as
getting on the banned wagon?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "This is a wonderful time to be alive," Mr. Reagan is telling campaign
audiences.  For one thing, we're in the period between atomic bombs.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The wet weather may not have helped gardens much in our neighborhood but it
cert~rainly has brought forth a bumper crop of summer primary political yard
signs.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  It's almost game time and so far we don't know what has been named Official
Tax Loophole of the 1984 Summer Olympics.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  An editorial writer in Illinois has gone to jail for refusing to reveal the
source consulted in an editorial.  Why not just be honest and point to the west
wall?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The new national debt ceiling will get the government only through August.
Unless, of course, Uncle Sam wins big in some state lotteries.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Beirut has a new peace plan. We'd tell you what number it is but don't like to
show off.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  So far observers give this session of Congress good marks. It means there's
lots of room for lack of improvement.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Overheard on our bus:  "So many vacation spots don't appeal to me that I can't
decide where not to go first."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The national average price of a new single-family home now is more than
$100,000.  Maybe folks saving for a downpayment should be more concerned about
the UPpayment.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Still, the housing price rise means we've been able to get into a high-priced
neighborhood without even moving.
  The Hart and Jackson forces tried to change parts of the platform but failed
to get through a plank that calls Fritz Mondale a nerd.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A political party's platform, by the way, is the document that tells where
delegates stand, besides in the aisles.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Jesse Jackson says the main reason for holding the convention is to adopt a
platform.  Then why didn't he leave when that was done?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  More evidence Mr. Jackson doesn't understand the system: He took it as a
put-down when Mr. Mondale didn't consider him for veep.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gerry Ferraro says she wants to debate George Bush.  It'll give both a chance
to get an edge in wordwise.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A poll shows most folks think Mr. Mondale chose Ms. Ferraro because of
pressure from women's groups.  Sounds like a put down of the Italian-American,
Catholic and size 7 shoe lobbies.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Democratic platform runs 35,000 words.  Divided by the number of people
who'll ever read it all, that's about 1,000 words each.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The man at the next desk says he can't attend a party at our house next Friday
night because of a previously scheduled memorial service for his lawn.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Overheard on our bus:  "I'm feeling more independent these days.  In the last
week I've found six things Ralph Nader is against that I'm for."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  As we understand the new rules, we won't have to have automatic seat belts or
air bags installed in our easy chair to be able to watch next month's Republican
convention on TV.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We'll install an air bag in our car, but only if automatic seat belts are
required on all congressional seats.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  All cars might have to have air bags or automatic safety harnesses by 1990
under new federal rules.  We still think an easier answer would be to make cars
out of Nerf.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We were surprised that the Democratic convention's start wasn't delayed for
Mondale veep interviews with George Brett, Gary Carter, Dale Murphy, Dwight
Gooden and Fernando Valenzuela.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Canada has set elections for September 4.  Any later and party workers in
northern provinces would have to arrange for free dogsled rides to the polls for
voters.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Farrah Fawcett plans a $2,500-a-week health club in Corpus Christi.  Not long
ago that kind of money would have bought Corpus Christi.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Part of Richard Nixon's former Key Biscayne compound is for sale for $4.5
million.  For that, does Bebe Rebozo come with it?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  World population may double by 2050, a new report says.  Does it help to know
we expect to be gone by then?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  All-Star baseball game afterthought:	If they were worried about wind in
Candlestick why did they let Howard Cosell talk?
  Gary Hart said if he got nominated he'd also have picked Geraldine Ferraro as
a running mate.  And can we expect Harold Stassen soon to name George Bush?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  From what we could tell, the delegates kissed Fritz Mondale and hoped he'd
change into a decent frog disguise.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  This was the 39th Democratic convention.  Which just proves that it used to be
possible to get nominated without Walter Cronkite there to watch.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "It is essential that Ronald Reagan be defeated," Mr. Mondale says.  Not if
taxpayers want to avoid supporting another former president.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "If July brings back Anne Gorsuch Burford," Gov. Mario Cuomo asks, "what can
we expect of December?"  Gee, we were sort of hoping for Santa Claus.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Moscone Hall is said to be the world's largest column-free room.  Which did
not, obviously, mean columnist free.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Attending the Democratic convention were 3,933 delegates and 1,303
alternates-- two or three dozen of whom were in their seats at any one time.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Manatt-Lance turmoil showed that although Mr. Mondale may be indecisive at
least it's in a decisive way.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The only groups we didn't see demonstrating in the streets of San Francisco
were the Pro Apathy Party and the Street Cleaners Union.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Our kids were disappointed to learn that San Francisco's cable cars aren't
autos equipped with HBO.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Doonesbury" will be back this fall.  And it's unclear whether this country
can handle both a presidential and a Zonker Harris tanning campaign.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Although picking Gerry Ferraro was a bold move for Mr. Mondale, an even bolder
one would have been to pick Jane Wyman.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  As they began their convention, the Democrats seemed unified.  At least
everyone seems to have found someone else to dislike.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  For some perverse reason, we can't wait to see the first Ferraro bumper
sticker on a Ferrari.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "This is an exciting choice," Fritz Mondale says of Gerry Ferraro.  Well,
relatively. More exciting than Lloyd Bentsen, but less than Dolly Parton.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  In Congress, Rep. Ferraro has been an advocate of noise control measures.  We
hope she'll have some influence in that area in the campaign.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  After she got married, Gerry Ferraro kept her maiden name as a tribute to her
mother.  It's further evidence of how she balances the ticket. Mr. Mondale kept
his to honor his father.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "American history is about doors being opened," says Gerry Ferraro.  And
sometimes about finding skeletons in the closets behind them.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Vice president has such a nice ring to it," says Ms. Ferraro.  Further
evidence she's got a lot to learn about how government works.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The DeLorean trial, like the baseball season, is into its second half.  So far
we know of no plans at the trial to hold some kind of All-Star game.
  You knew the Democrats eventually would unite behind a ticket.  After all,
deep disunity is hard to maintain.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Aunt Ilse from Oelwein wonders why no one thinks Mr. Mondale has a chance to
beat Mr. Reagan. "Any country that can choose old," she writes, "can just as
easily choose boring."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "What this ticket is all about is not what America can do for women but what
women can do for America," says Gerry Ferraro. That really sounds quite
Kennedyesque--Jackie.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The big question facing Democrats now is whether Gerry Ferraro's coattails are
long enough to carry Fritz Mondale into office with her.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Another unanswered question is whether anyone has ever come back to win the
presidency after, at his nominating convention, New Jersey put him over the top.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  With the convention in San Francisco, Democrats must have been glad their
nominees didn't ride off into the sunset, no matter how well they swim.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "The question," George McGovern told delegates, "is where will America be four
years from now?"  Personally, we hope it's still somewhere between Mexico and
Canada.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Promises are cheap," Gary Hart said in his convention speech.  And it was
good to find out SOMETHING is.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Democrats proved they can't be trusted with our future when they stood up at
their convention and cheered at the word "infrastructure."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  At the Hart demonstration on the convention floor there were more Yuppies than
at a wine tasting party at a BMW dealership.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "The stakes in 1984 couldn't be higher," Senator Hart said, failing, however,
to comment on any of the cheaper cuts or chicken.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The vision from the floor must have been terrible.  Delegates kept shouting
"We want Hart!" when he was right there on the podium.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  For a time during the convention, the only certainty was that the Democrats
wouldn't nominate a Simpson-Mazzoli ticket.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A quiet movement to dump Bert Lance developed at the convention.  And we'll be
interested to see if it's possible for Mr. Mondale to reconsider this matter and
make any more firm indecisions.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Ted Kennedy Jr. addressed the convention, too.  Is there a law against a
father-son presidential ticket?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  For as much labor support as Fritz Mondale has, it has been odd to see
thousands of Democrats in San Francisco off work all week.
	  <<<<***>>>>
"As president," Fritz Mondale says, "I will work for peace from my first day in
office, not from my first day of campaigning for office, not from my first day
of campaigning for re-election." For most presidents they're the same day.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  This may be a dirty presidential campaign, with Democrats showing old movies
of Mr. Reagan hanging around Bonzo and Republicans showing footage of Mr.
Mondale hanging around Jimmy Carter.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gerry Ferraro says she and Fritz Mondale will prove the experts wrong.  Not
much of a challenge.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Anothe reason the last day of the Democratic convention was an historic day is
that TV reporters set a world record for saying it was an historic day.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Barbara Hubbard, an anti-nuclear activist, also was nominated for veep at the
Democratic convention.	But she withdrew, preferring to lose now rather than in
November.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "I've put my share of criminals behind bars," Ms. Ferraro said.  Did she
sponsor a program for folks in jail to learn to be bartenders?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "There are no doors we cannot unlock," says Gerry Ferraro. What will this
administration do?  Hire car thieves?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  It would have been even more interesting if the platform floor fights had
been, instead, mud wrestling.
  Updated version of the annual song:  "Bare she is, Miss America.  .  .  "
	  <<<<***>>>>
  All this controversy about Miss America posing nude is too bad, but we're at
least glad it wasn't Bert Parks.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Congress is back in session. It must want to give delegates to the upcoming
Republican convention more things to denounce.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  One good way to pay disgruntled postal workers but delay the financial crunch
on the Postal Service indefinitely would be to mail their checks.
 }i	    <<<<***>>>>
  The latest Gallup poll shows Mr. Mondale leading Mr. Reagan by 2 percentage
points.  Of course, current standings show the Cubs still in the pennant race,
too.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The syndicated wizards are slow.  None has yet pondered Ferraronomics.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Mondale plans to kick off his campaign in the South, it's reported.  To
this ticket, however, the South may mean South Bend.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Economists now are worried about deflation.  Inflation, deflation,
stagflation.  We pine for the good old days of just plain flation.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Israeli election showed one thing:  Analysts who said they weren't sure
what would happen hit it right on the mark.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Mondale says he'd raise taxes if elected and says Mr. Reagan will too.  If
he's going to base this campaign on truth and candor he's got even less chance
than we thought.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Democrats are pinning their presidential hopes on massive voter registration
drives. That, and possibly divine intervention.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We have a new Miss America, though she'll get to serve barely a month.  Uh,
let us rephrase that...
	  <<<<***>>>>
  You'd think the least "Penthouse" magazine could do is donate profits from its
September issue to the Miss America scholarship fund.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Our minister, Pastor Deluge, says it would be better if there were at least
equal interest in photos that might be published in "Repenthouse" magazine.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  How long do you suppose it will be before the Miss America pageant asks Bob
Guccione to be a judge?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We admit we looked at the nude photos of Miss America.  In fact, to reach the
proper level of disgust we had to look at them several times.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mexico City, with 16 million people already, is expected to double by the turn
of the century.  In the commodities market this may be the time to get into
tortilla futures.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  ABC may have a bigger Olympic audience than expected.  Fans in the stands may
watch on portable sets instead of trying to see through the smog.
  Mr. Reagan has ended the ban on Soviet fishing in U.S. waters.  But what can
they catch without a fishing nyet?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Researchers studying moon rock disagree on whether the moon once was a part of
Earth.	Must be they've found no beer can fossils.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Soviets say they have the first woman to walk in space, Svetlana
Savitskaya.  Apparently they didn't see Gerry Ferraro right after her
nomination.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If we were running for president we'd feel a lot safer, frankly, if our
running mate were Mr. T.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A California man just filed for his 26th divorce.  You couldn't get us to do
that for alimony in the world.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Jobs for this year's college graduates are easier to find, it's reported.
Must be a big demand for overqualified people.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Reagan says he can't understand why interest rates are so high.  Well, an
old editor of ours always said that when we couldn't understand something we
should look for the part money plays in it.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A 5-year-old Lebanese girl, Re Mi Bendaly, is gaining fame singing anti-war
ballads.  It's what you get when you ask, "Want to make some dough, Re Mi?"
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Democrats seem slow on the draw.	Though Mr. Re@San has accused them of
demagoguery, they've failed to charge him with republigoguery.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Mondale calls Mr. Reagan's statement that he has no plans for a tax
increase a "fish story."  It looks as if this campaign will be no different from
most others:  carp, carp, carp.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  As we read current polls, we'd guess we'll either have two presidents come
January or none at all.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Republicans are finding it a delicate job to run against Gerry Ferraro.  It's
hard for them to know whether to be on the offense, defense or simply the fence.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  As we get it, GOP strategy will be to depict Ms. Ferraro as a candidatette.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  At least we're grateful that so far we haven't heard anyone singing the theme
song from "Annie" substituting "Ferraro" for "tomorrow."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If Mr. Mondale loses this fall, of course, BOTH parties will face wide-open
primaries in 1988, and maybe you should think about whether you want that on
YOUR conscience.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  George Bush calls Democrats the "party of the far-out liberal Democrats."
Sounds like the kind that requires extra beer and bean dip.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "I have no plans for a tax increase," Mr. Reagan says. Like some other things
will it happen without planning?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Rev. Sun Myung Moon, sent to prison, is working a kitchen shift.	So if he
wasn't in a mess before, he is now.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A nativity scene can't be set up in front of the Birmingham, Mich., City Hall
unless it's displayed with other secular symbols, a judge has ruled. Like Santa
in a manger?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  There've been many minuses recently for the Miss America pageant but officials
are working to destroy those negatives.  Isn't that what Vanessa Williams should
have done?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gerry Ferraro says she considers herself a fiscal conservative.  Similarly,
Ronald Reagan once considered himself an actor.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Exercise helps prolong life, new studies prove.  But they don't tell you the
disadvantage: You have to spend lots of your extra life exercising.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A state primary election is coming up in our area and we've decided not to
vote for any candidate who knocks on our door or calls while we're watching the
Olympics.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Juanita Castro, Fidel's sister, says he's a liar and a traitor.  That's not so
bad.  WE have three sisters.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Some economists say a growing economy will get rid of federal deficits.  But
will it get rid of economists?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Secretary Regan didn't like the federal rescue of that big Illinois bank, but
finally decided that in this case FDIC meant further debate is crazy.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "American women come in all colors," says Gerry Ferraro.  So does their hair,
including some shades not found in nature.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A new survey shows girls are less interested than boys in becoming president.
More evidence of innately higher female intelligence.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Researchers say granola, bananas and raisins are high on the list of snacks
that cause tooth decay.  Still, they taste better than fluoridated flossburgers.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gerry Ferraro says we don't need government on our backs "but on every
citizen's side." These metaphors are getting under foot.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Sudan's president has ruled a convicted robber and murderer there is to be
crucified.  The president was upholding another ruling, so he was just
co-Pilate.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  China has a growing rabid dog problem, it's reported.  Wow! And think how many
Pekinese there are there.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We've tried to stick by our resolution not to comment on football until it's
football weather.  But by then the pro season would be half over.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "I don't look at those kind of pictures," Mr. Reagan says of the 8ptnthouse"
Miss America issue.  Apparently he doesn't consider this a privates sector
intiative.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gerry Ferraro expects a "nasty, personal campaign."  Oh, we bet she's just
saying that so we'll pay attention.
  Before this country adopts a balanced budget constitutional amendment it
should find out how much more that would throw the budget out of balance.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We're still waiting for a pro athlete to say the biggest thrill of his career
was the first time an interviewer didn't ask him what his biggest thrill was.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Scientists think a shower of comets could destroy mankind in about 15 million
years.	No help.  That's 14,999,967 years AFTER our mortgage will be paid.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The world would be less contentious if we gave others the same slack in all
matters that we give ourselves in getting through yellow lights.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Ever notice you can't be in the political mainstream without being all wet?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If you still have a few holiday fruitcakes hanging around, here's a good
suggestion:  They make great bookends.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  In case you're doing some early Christmas shopping and have a member of the
National Rifle Association on your list, here's an idea:  A cartridge in a pear
tree.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Another tip for voters as the election approaches:  Don't vote for any
candidate who, when he came to your door to campaign, set off your burglar
alarm.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We're still waiting for the first truly honest political billboard that will
say, in small type:  "Paid for by the special interest groups that own this
candidate."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We look forward to September because of the much prettier color of weeds in
our yard.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The wise college student is thinking now about getting to campus--to get
acclimated, to get organized and to get a parking space.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Solidarity continues to be a problem for the Polish government, and any day
now we expect it to change that old communist rally line to, "Workers of the
world, shut up!" (Editor's note:  Bill is finally back at work after his cross
country sojourn.  We promise he won't take another vacation until, at the
earliest, December.  It's a tough life...)
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Ronald Reagan actually seems to be getting younger," Rep. Jack Kemp told the
GOP convention.  Further evidence of what lots of sleep will do for you.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Americans are such optimists. To clear away national problems they elect
political parties that can't even clear their own convention aisles.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "This is not the president's platform," says his daughter Maureen.  So, though
he may run on it, he'll probably do so wearing track spikes.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  One reason Geraldine Ferraro got in trouble is hat on a disclosure form she
apparently checked the wrong box.  Which reminds us:  Wasn't there once an
Olympic fighter disqualified because he boxed the wrong Czech?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  There were lots of "Kemp '88" signs in the GOP convention hall.  At least
we've got four years of warning.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The GOP platform says the U.S. should think about returning to the gold
standard. Why not go all the way and return to the bead and trinket standard?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Republicans approved their most conservative platform since 1964.  Apparently
extremism in the defense of boredom is no vice.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  One reason lots of Republicans won't be running on the GOP platform is that in
a few days most won't even remember where they put their copy.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Let's see if we've got this: The GOP right is in the center of what's left of
what the moderates thought was right before many of them left because the center
moved too far right. Right?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Our guess is that Geraldine Ferraro will survive politically as long as Bob
Guccione of "Penthouse" magazine doesn't get involved.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Our record is strong on women's issues," says George Bush.  And Aunt Ilse
agrees. She says she can smell it all the way up in Oelwein.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Four more years," GOP delegates shouted while Gerald Ford was speaking to the
convention, but he had the good sense to stop talking after just a few weeks.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The "Agnew-for-President" boom seemed pretty low-key in Dallas.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Elizabeth Dole predicts most women will vote for Mr. Reagan. If anyone
remembers her statement after Nov. 6 it may become known as the gender gaffe.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Talk, unlike the Democratic platform, is cheap," Bob Dole told the
convention.  Obviously he hasn't seen OUR phone bill.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Lots of women were in the GOP convention spotlight.  They were the ones
wearing name tags that said, "Hi!  My name isn't Gerry Ferraro."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  This GOP convention was concerned with great issues: the future of mankind,
world peace and whether John Zaccaro is a nerd.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Republican platform again fails to support the ERA.  So the GOP can
correctly claim it has treated women equally for two straight elections.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We're not sure who was in charge of testing the podium microphones at the
convention but we're pretty sure who didn't have that job.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Reagan's aides say he'll campaign three to five days a week until the
election.  Why are they cutting him back two to four days?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Democrats say Mr. Reagan has a secret plan to raise taxes.  Big deal.  Even if
he does, our system requires him eventually to leak the news to Congress.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Experts say 53 percent of the voters in November will be women.  Not only is
there a gender gap but also, apparently, an apathy gap.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Reagan currently leads Mr. Mondale by 10 to 15 points in the polls.  And
even more in the calendars.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  No, GOP doesn't stand for Gipper, Our President.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The median household income for the GOP delegates is $52,700, compared with
$20,000 for the average U.S. family.  So if you take a Republican to lunch, make
him pick up the tab.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Reagan got lots of applause at the convention for the economic recovery.
His economists, meanwhile, will continue trying to figure out what he did right.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Security for the GOP convention was reported to be tight.  That's awful.  We
hope they sobered up before anything serious happened.
  Republicans are confident, but this presidential election looks like a snap
for the Democrats. All they have to do is get the votes of anyone who's ever
messed up on his taxes.
	 4xjbbRSSssss/|
  No doubt it comes from watching the Olympics so much, but after each GOP
speaker we waited for a scoreboard to flash "6.0, 6.5, 7.0, 6.5..."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  As we read the GOP delegates, there were conservatives, conserveratives and
conservistatives.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "The Republican party has never been closer together," says George Bush.  He's
right, judging by the look of the aisles.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Bush strikes us as the sort of Texan that John Connally is a Republican.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Senator Laxalt nominated Mr. Reagan.	Why does his name always sound to us
like a low-sodium diet?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Let the Republicans worry about the future of the world. We're just glad to
discover, via our postcard mail, that spotted fawns still have a presence in
Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "We're not a per/+fect party," says Bob Dole.  How can he expect the president
to win with that kind of damaging insider revelation?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If Democrats had nominated Jesse Jackson for veep, the GOP speakers would have
been, uh, well.  .  .  give us time and maybe we'll think of some famous black
Republicans.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The GOP has continuity.  In support of the Great Communicator the keynoter was
the Mediocre Communicator.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Jeane Kirkpatrick, who spoke to the GOP meeting, is a Democrat.  Mr. Reagan
used to be one, too.  And, though there was no evidence of it at the convention,
Mr. Nixon used to be a Republican.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  In 1980, said Jeane Kirkpatrick, Americans elected "a very different
president." Right.  No previous one had ever co-starred with Bonzo.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Ford spoke to the convention but not Mr. Nixon. In his honor, couldn't the
GOP at least have arranged for 18-and-a-half minutes of silence?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  One conclusion to be drawn from the Ferraro-Zaccaro tax return is that they're
definitely Democrats.  They pay too much in taxes to be Republicans.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "I'm sure he's a wonderful fellow," Barbara Bush says of Mr. Zaccaro.  That
should end the controversy.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Fifty million Americans said no to Walter Mondale four years ago," Senator
Baker told the GOP convention.	That's just political hype.  It was only
49,618,685.
  Mr. Mondale describes the GOP platform as "kook right."  If that's true, it'll
never sell to the majority of Americans, who seem closer to kook center.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Some experts say that to win Mr. Mondale needs a huge voter turnout of nearly
100 million people.  Maybe if he wore just one glove and promised to break dance
at the inaugural ball...
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Mondale campaign says tax changes proposed in the GOP platform would
nearly double the federal deficit.  See?  It's not true that nobody read the
darn thing.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If he's re-elected and serves a full second term, Mr. Reagan will be almost 78
when he leaves office.	By Kremlin standards that's barely middle age.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  One thing's sure about the upcoming vice presidential candidates' debates:
Unlike Mr. Nixon in 1960, Gerry Ferraro won't lose votes because she has 5
o'clock shadow.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Populist Party has named Bob Richards, an Olympic pole vaulter in the
1950s, as its presidential candidate.  So don't get too excited if you hear he's
leading in the poles.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We're looking forward to the presidential candidates' debates.  It'll be
interesting to see which TV shows get higher ratings instead.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  No matter how hard we looked on vacation, we couldn't find any states in which
it's legal to tie kids on the luggage rack and keep suitcases in the back seat.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We're glad in this Ferraro financial trouble no one redid Mr. Truman's old
line and said, "If you can't stand the heat go back to the kitchen."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  All the U-Haul trucks on the road on our vacation made us glad that when we
fly we don't see many U-Fly planes.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Who said the GOP convention had no surprises?  When Roger Staubach introduced
Nancy Reagan he didn't ask her how she spells relief.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "I'm a conservative," says George Bush, "but I'm not a nut about it."
Unfortunately, that is also the way lots of Americans feel about being voters.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  There's talk of Senator Kassebaum running for vice president in 1988.  That's
awful, but just proves again there's always someone wanting to hurt your career.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Abe Lincoln was the first Republican president.  Of course, back then Mr.
Reagan wasn't yet old enough to run.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  These political conventions haven't been bad as summer television replacement
shows but they'll never make it against a new season of "Hill Street Blues" or
"Cheers."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The final GOP convention nominating vote was closer than we expected:  2,233
for Ronald Reagan, 0 for Harold Stassen.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  An Illinois and a Pennsylvania delegate refused to vote to nominate the
Reagan-Bush ticket. And party leaders apparently had no abstain remover.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  What is 133 years old and still running hard?  The Reagan-Bush ticket.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  In nominating Mr. Reagan, Senator Laxalt said Grenada now is a "loyal and
trusted ally." And it better stay that way or we'll whip up on it again.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  These political conventions make us realize what a lucky country this is.  For
one thing, we never had to choose between Barry Goldwater and George McGovern in
the same race.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Senator Tower, introducing Mr. Goldwater at the convention, described how "he
galvanized a generation of young people into action."  Right, but most of them
worked against the Goldwater-Miller ticket.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Every war in this century began and was fought under a Democrat
administration," Mr. Goldwater says.  Luckily, however, a few Republican
soldiers agreed to fight.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Watching`}9Ush sit next to Mr. Reagan at the convention raised the
disturbing question of whether we really want a veep whose leg shows between the
top of his sock and the cuff of his pants.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  GOP delegates booed Tip O'Neill roundly, which, for him, is at least the right
shape.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Ferraro-Mondale ticket has the Reagan-Bush team beat 5-3, though so far
we're talking only about syllables.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Missouri delegation's 47 votes put the Reagan-Bush nomination over the top
at the convention.  Well, it was a nasty job but someone had to do it.
  The space shutt{{le Discovery weighs 132 tons.  So, in addition to going round
and round in circles, it has another similarity to the two major political
parties' platforms.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The economy is slowing down, statistics show.  No wonder. It's after Labor Day
and only a few stores are decorated for Christmas.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A new study says teacher-education programs need to be improved.  For
instance, can't they be trained to attract better quality students?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Hospitals are advertising more.  But we're still waiting for one to offer a
cheap weekend get-away rate.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "We need some morality in our foreign policy," says Rosalynn Carter.  Maybe,
but why be different from every other country?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Our guess on why hospitals are advertising more:  They figure we'll see so
much of it that it'll make us sick.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Judith Resnik, a shuttle crew member, is a classical pianist and enjoys
bicycling.  If Discovery ever has to be pedaled home, the crew is in luck.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Postal Service wants to raise the cost of a stamp to 23 cents.  Are we
heading for a time when muggers say, "Your life or your stamps"?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Before long we won't need stamps.  We'll be able just to paste a dollar in the
corner of each envelope.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gerry Ferraro says voters face a "stark choice" in November. Right.  Stay home
and be apathetic or go to the polls and be reluctant.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  John Paul II will visit Canada this month.  Why not have a pro hockey goalie
from there accompany him?  Think what a draw it would be to have the pope and
the goalie host.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The average Chinese dwelling, it's reported, contains just 50 square meters of
floorspace for five or more people.  Sounds like an effective means of birth
control.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Now that Jesse Jackson has endorsed Mr. Mondale, can we expect a press
conference to announce that Gerry Ferraro has decided to do the same?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Overheard on our bus:  "Having a teacher in space isn't such a novel idea.  In
college, for instance, there was my philosophy professor."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Each new problem that delays space shuttle launches at least helps cut the
number of "citizen passengers" interested in accompanying the crew on future
missions.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Apparently Mr. Reagan figures if he can't get the Lord back in classrooms
he'll at least get a teacher up there closer to Him.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Watching a teacher in space won't be bad.  But we dread the dozens of
inevitable commission reports about it that will follow.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Those who can...do;  those who can't...ride space shuttles.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The nation's prison population has reached a record 454,136, it's reported.
So far we're still among the outmates.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Iran-Iraq war now has turned in favor of Iraq, analysts say.  See?  We
told you not to invest in Iranian war bonds.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The only good news in the polls so far for the Ferraro-Mondale ticket is it
seems to be runni~ng reasonably well against Undecided.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  On a human body temperature scale, our pennant fever for our team is running
at 98.7.  And holding.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Frankly, we're going to miss Howard Cosell on "Monday Night Football."  But
that's nothing new.  We usually tried to miss him when he was on it, too.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A sixth s{_traight poor Soviet grain harvest is predicted for this year.  Looks
like they've pretty well figured out how to do that.  Wonder what they'll try
next.
  It's exciting to be in an election year, knowing we're living through the very
history future generations won't remember.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  John Anderson has endorsed Mr. Mondale.  Apparently his new National Unity
Party couldn't find any of its own members willing to lose.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Reagan wants NASA to choose a teacher as the first "citizen passenger" in
space. If it's a one-way trip, our kids have some suggestions.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Explorers in Turkey think they've found Noah's Ark on Mount Ararat.  Know how
they did it?  Just followed their noses.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Chicago Cubs' magic number now is under 30, which, not coincidentally,
also is pretty close to the current temperature in Hell.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Forget baseball, says the little boy next door.  What's Christmas' magic
number?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Soviets say they're testing their own new cruise missiles.  There's one
comfort: They're not testing ours.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Jim Brady, White House press secretary, says the only way Mr. Reagan can lose
is if "it comes out that he's a transvestite."  Well, he might get by with that
but not with being a liberal.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Looking back, we'd say our disappointment with the Olympics is that there was
no yodeling competition.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Nixon has decided not to move to New York City. Apparently he, too, feels
he's been punished enough.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Canada just held its elections.  In a bilingual country like that many voters
have to understand both English and French before they may be fully misinformed.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Reagan says there's a "new patriotism" in the country. Yeah, it's hard not
to be proud of a country $1.5 trillion in debt and still on its feet.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The next space shuttle trip will have a crew of seven. Leave it to mankind to
prove it's possible to be crowded even out in space.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  At least that Chicago man who won $40 million in the state lottery has his
prioriti}ies straight:	One of his first purchases was Cubs' tickets.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Investigative reporters have been slipshod about John Zaccaro.  They've probed
his finances but so far haven't turned up his favorite recipe.
	  <<<<***>>>>
 3W How can we vote intelligently this fall when so far we've seen no thorough
explanation of Ferraronomics?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Politicians may be smarter than you think.  Notice that they kiss babies but
don't hang around long enough for the babies to do anything back.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The new prime minister of Canada will be Brian Mulroney. Knowing that may not
make you a better person but what can it hurt?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Congress is back in session. Apparently there are a few knots left to turn
into loose ends before the election.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The British coal strike now is more than six months old.  But so far as we
know supplies haven't gotten so low that they're down to the monotuminous
variety.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Reports from the first days of school indicate some new additions to our kids'
classes: Four boys, three girls, two Jerks, nine nerds and a couple of real
hunks.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The number of small farms in the U.S. is rising.  Good. We're trying to eat
smaller portions.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  One of the new fall TV shows features a 300 mph motorcycle. We figure it's
used either by a crime fighter or a presidential candidate, and we're afraid to
ask.
  Syndicated wizards work harder in election years, having to be ready with one
story on why something was inevitable and a second on how any fool should have
seen an upset coming.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The only thing sure about the baseball season:  It'll end too soon--weeks
before the presidential campaign is over.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  A group thinks Michael Jackson is the Messiah returned.  This time, obviously,
He's upped His ticket prices.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Israel is having trouble forming a new government.  The trouble here, by
contrast, is reforming the old one.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gerry Ferraro is proving a more exciting campaigner than Fritz Mondale.  To
have avoided that, Mr. Mondale would have had to run with, uh, Mr. Mondale.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Frank Sinatra says he's been insulted and no longer will perform in New
Jersey.  We're making a list of performers we'd like our governor to insult.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Scientists say a big earthquake, centered in Southeast Missouri, is sure to
come some day.	Don't look at us.  It's not our fault.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  No matter who wins the other division it would be hard to argue against giving
Detroit a bye to the World Series.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Most congressional incumbents will win re-election, experts say.  It'll save
having to learn to dislike someone new.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "This president has never seen an arms control agreement he likes," Gerry
Ferraro says.  Is that what Mr. Reagan means by his "safety nyet?"
	  <<<<***>>>>
  We'll believe the Ferraro-Mondale ticket is really confident about winning
the election when we hear it has hired a band for the inaugural ball.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Mondale says any new taxes in his administration will go toward reducing
the budget deficit.  Good idea.  Borrow from Peter to pay Peter.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Mondale and Mr. Reagan have agreed to at least one debate.  So far,
however, there's no word on whether any voters have agreed to listen.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Democrats want to raise national voter turnout from the 85 million of 1980 to
more than 100 million this year.  Isn't it un-American to attack apathy?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  It seemed odd to read that this is only the 50th presidential campaign in U.S.
history.  It seems as if we've lived through 150 since the '40s.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Still, you've got to feel good about a country in which the official starts of
its presidential campaign and its Christmas shopping season coincide.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Call me an optimist," says Mr. Reagan.  Won't that risk losing him votes in
Rotary and Kiwanis?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Police aren't sure why there's been a big increase in car theft in our city.
Well, for one thing, it's harder to fence a bus.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  The Vietnam Memorial has become the second most popular tourist attraction in
Washington.  Behind what?  The national debt?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Interest on the debt is the fastest-growing federal budget item, it's
reported.  And we've even noticed a growth in interest IN that debt.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  If the military were in as bad shape as some folks say, wouldn't the Army by
now have declared tankruptcy?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Gerry Ferraro is attacking Mr. Reagan on the war-and-peace issue.  Isn't it
risky to argue with a guy who can order your campaign headquarters bazookaed?
	  <<<<***>>>>
  "Penthouse" plans to publish a new set of nude pictures of Vanessa Williams in
January. Sounds like a double exposure.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Rumors say Konstantin Chernenko is ill.  For his sake, let's hope it's nothing
fatal like a common cold.
	  <<<<***>>>>
  It was obvious that Mr. Reagan and Mr. Bush used the same writer for their
acceptance speeches.  The first 150 or so words of each talk were the same:
"Thank you, thank you very much, thank you, thank you..."
	  <<<<***>>>>
  Mr. Reagan listed few goals for the future in his GOP convention speech.
Maybe the good news is he doesn't have many.
Call The Works BBS - 1600+ Textfiles! - [914]/238-8195 - 300/1200 - Always Open

MICROSOFT SHOULD MAKE CARS, GENERAL MOTORS SHOULD MAKE SOFTWARE.

At a recent computer expo, Bill Gates reportedly compared the
computer industry with the auto industry and stated:

"If GM had kept up with technology like the computer industry has, we
would all be driving twenty-five dollar cars that got 1000 miles to
the gallon."

In response to Bill's comments General Motors issued a press release
stating the following: "If GM had developed technology like
Microsoft, we would be driving cars with the following
characteristics:

1.  For no reason whatsoever, your car would crash twice a day.

2.  Every time they repainted the lines on the road, you would have
    to buy a new car.

3.  Occasionally, your car would die on the freeway for no reason,
    and you would accept this, restart, and drive on.

4.  Occasionally, executing a maneuver such as a left turn would
    cause your car to shut down and refuse to restart; in which case
    you would have to reinstall the engine.

5.  Only one person at a time could use the car, unless you bought
    'Car95' or 'CarNT'. Then you would have to buy more seats.

6.  Macintosh would make a car that was powered by the sun, was more
    reliable, five times as fast, and twice as easy to drive, but
    would only run on five percent of the roads.

7.  The oil, water, temperature and alternator warning lights would
    be replaced by a single 'general car fault' warning light.

8.  New seats would force everyone to have the same butt size.

9.  The airbag system would say 'Are you sure?'  before going off.

10. Occasionally, for no reason whatsoever, your car would lock you
    out and refuse to let you in until you simultaneously lifted the
    door handle, turned the key and grabbed hold of the radio
    antenna.

11. GM would require all car buyers to also purchase a deluxe set of
    Rand McNally road maps (now a GM subsidiary), even though they
    neither need them nor want them. Attempting to delete this option
    would immediately cause the car's performance to diminish by 50
    per cent or more.

12. Every time GM introduced a new model, car buyers would have to
    learn how to drive all over again because none of the controls
    would operate in the same manner as the old car.

13. You'd press the 'Start' button to shut off the engine."

The Customer Is Always Right
----------------------------

A crusty old man walks into a bank and says to the
woman at the teller window "I want to open a damn
checking account". The astonished woman replies, "I
beg your pardon, sir. I must have misunderstood you.
What did you say?"

"Listen up, damnit. I said I want to open a damn
checking account now!"

"I'm very sorry sir, but that kind of language is not
tolerated in this bank." The teller leaves the window
and goes over to the bank manager to inform him of her
situation. The manager agrees that the teller does not
have to listen to that foul language. They both return
to the window and the manager asks the old geezer,

"Sir, what seems to be the problem here?"

"There is no damn problem", the man says. "I just won
50 million bucks in the damn lottery and I want to
open a damn checking account in this damn bank, okay?"

"I see", says the manager, "and is this bitch giving 
you a hard time?

The age gap and Dad's knowledge

At  4: Dad knows everything.
At  7: Dad knows a lot.
At  8: Dad does not know everything.
At 12: Well, Dad won't know anyway.
At 14: Dad is hopelessly old-fashioned.
At 21: Oh heck, the man's time has long passed, how would he know!
At 25: Dad knows something, but not very much.
At 30: I'll just hear what Dad has to say anyway.
At 35: Let's wait a while and hear what Dad's opinion is.
At 50: I wonder what dad would have said.
At 60: Dad, in actual fact, knew everything.
At 65: I wish I could have discussed it with Dad.

The Dark Sucker Theory

For years, it has been believed that electric light bulbs emit light,
but recent information has proven otherwise. Electric bulbs DO NOT
emit light. They suck dark. Thus we call these bulbs Dark Suckers.
The Dark Sucker theory and the existence of the Dark Suckers prove
that dark has mass and is heavier than light.

First, the basis of the Dark Sucker theory is that electric light
bulbs suck dark. For example, take the Dark Sucker in the room that
you are in. There is much less dark right next to it than there is
elsewhere. The larger the Dark Sucker, the greater its capacity to
suck dark. Dark Suckers in the  parking lot have a much greater
capacity to suck dark than the ones in your room. As with all things,
Dark Suckers don't last forever. Once they are full of dark, they can
no longer suck. This is proved by the black spot on a full Dark
Sucker. A candle is a primitive Dark Sucker. A new candle has a white
wick. After the first use, you can see that the wick turns black,
showing all the dark that has been sucked into it. If you place an
object next to the wick of an operating candle, it will turn black.
This is because it got in the way of the dark flowing into the
candle. One of the disadvantages of the these primitive Dark Suckers
is their limited range. There are also portable Dark Suckers. In
these, the bulbs cannot handle all of the dark by themselves and must
be aided by Dark Storage Units. When a Dark Storage Unit is full of
dark, it must be either emptied or replaced before the portable Dark
Sucker can operate again.

Dark has mass. When it goes into a Dark Sucker, friction from the
moving mass generates heat. Thus it is not wise to touch an operating
Dark Sucker.

Candles present a special problem, as the mass must travel into a thin
solid wick instead of through clear glass. This generates a great amount
of heat and is therefore even less smart to touch an operating candle.
Also, dark is heavier than light. If you were to slowly swim just below
the surface of a lake, you would see a lot of light. As you swim deeper
and deeper, it gets darker and darker. When you get real deep, you will
be in total darkness. This is because the heavier dark sinks to the
bottom of the lake and the lighter light floats to the top. This is why
it is called light.

Finally, we must prove that dark is faster than light. If you were to
stand  in a well lit room in front of a closed closet full of dark and
slowly open the door, you will see the light slowly enter the closet.
But since dark is  so fast, you will not be able to see the dark leave
the closet.

So next time you see an electric bulb, remember, it is a DARK SUCKER!!

International 1999 Darwin Awards

One of the long awaited moments of each New Year is the awarding of
the Darwin Award.  This prestigious award recognises those people, who
through stupid and inane actions kill themselves, thus improving society
by removing their genes from the genepool.  So here are the runners-up
for this year's award.

(15 July 1999, Alabama) A 25-year-old soldier died of injuries
sustained from a 3-story fall, precipitated by his attempt to spit
farther than his buddy.  His plan was to hurl himself towards a metal
guard-rail while expectorating, in order to add momentum to his saliva.
In a tragic miscalculation, his momentum carried him right over the
railing, which he caught hold of for a few moments before his grip
slipped, sending him plummeting 24 feet to the cement below. The
military specialist had a blood alcohol content of 0.14%, impairing his
judgement and paving the way for his opportunity to win a Darwin Award.

(11 August 1999) A 42-year-old man killed himself watching the eclipse
while driving near Kaiserslautern, Germany. A witness driving behind him
stated that the man was weaving back and forth as he concentrated on the
partially occluded sun, when he suddenly accelerated and hit the bridge
pier.  He had apparently just donned his solar viewers, which are dark
enough to totally obscure everything except the sun.

(25 May 1999, Ukraine) A fisherman in Kiev electrocuted himself while
fishing in the river Tereblya. The 43-year-old man connected cables to
the main power supply of his home, and trailed the end into the river.
The electric shock killed the fish, which floated belly-up to the top of
the water. The man waded in to collect his catch, neglecting to remove
the live wire, and tragically suffered the same fate as the fish. In an
ironic twist, the man was fishing for a mourning meal to commemorate the
first anniversary of his mother-in-law's death.

(16 August 1999, Germany) A hunter from Bad Urach was shot dead by his
own dog on Monday.  The 51-year-old man was found sprawled next to his
car in the Black Forest.  A gun barrel was pointing out the window, and
his bereaved dog was howling inside the car. The animal is presumed to
have pressed the trigger with its paw. Police have ruled out foul play.

(1991, Nicosia, Cypress) Under similar circumstances, an Iranian hunter
was shot to death near Tehran by a snake that coiled around his shotgun
as he pinned the reptile to the ground. Another hunter reported that
the victim, named Ali, tried to catch the snake alive by pressing the
butt of his shotgun behind its head. The snake coiled around the butt
and pulled the trigger, shooting Ali in the head.

(August 1999, Australia) Drinking oneself to death need not be a long,
lingering process.  Allan, a 33-year-old computer technician, showed
his competitive spirit by dying of competitive spirits. A Sydney,
Australia hotel bar held a drinking competition, known as Feral Friday,
with a 100-minute time limit and a sliding point scale ranging from 1
point for beer to 8 points for hard liquor. Allan stood and cheered his
winning total of 236; (winners never quit!) which had also netted him
the literally staggering blood alcohol level of 0.353, 7 times greater
than Australia's legal driving limit of 0.05%. After several trips to
the usual temple of over-indulgence, the bathroom, Allan was helped
back to his work place to sleep it off, a condition that became
permanent.  A forensic pharmacologist estimated that after downing 34
beers, 4 bourbons, and 17 shots of tequila within 1 hour and 40
minutes, his blood alcohol level would have been 0.41 to 0.43, but
Allan had vomited several times after the drinking stopped.  The cost
paid by Allan was much higher than that of the hotel, which was fined
the equivalent of $13,100 US dollars for not intervening. It is not
known whether Allan required any further embalming.

(28 January 1999, London) A flock of sheep charged a well-meaning
British farmer's wife and pushed her over a cliff to her death. Betty
Stobbs, 67,was charged by dozens of sheep as she brought them a bale of
hay on the back of a power bike.  The sheep rushed forward and rammed
the vehicle, knocking Betty and her bike over the edge of a vacant 100'
quarry near Durham, in northern England. "I saw the sheep surround the
bike. The next thing she was tumbling down the incline", neighbour Alan
Renfry told reporters.

First Runner Up Award goes to ....

(22 March 1999, Phnom Penh) Decades of armed strife has littered
Cambodia with unexploded munitions and ordnance.  Authorities warn
citizens not to tamper with the devices. Three friends recently spent
an evening sharing drinks and exchanging insults at a local cafe in the
south-eastern province of Svay Rieng.  Their companionable arguing
continued for hours, until one man pulled out a 25-year-old unexploded
anti-tank mine found in his backyard. He tossed it under the table, and
the three men began playing Russian roulette, each tossing down a drink
and then stamping on the mine.  The other villagers fled in terror. 
Minutes later, the explosive detonated with a tremendous boom, killing
the three men in the bar. "Their wives could not even find their flesh
because the blast destroyed everything", the Rasmei Kampuchea newspaper
reported.

And the 1999 Darwin Award winner is....

(5 September 1999, Jerusalem) The switch away from daylight savings
time caused consternation among terrorist groups this year. At
precisely 5:30 Israel time on Sunday, two co-ordinated car bombs
exploded in different cities, killing the three terrorists who were
transporting the bombs. It was initially believed that the devices had
been detonated prematurely by klutzy amateurs. A closer look revealed
the truth behind the untimely explosions. Three days before, Israel had
made a premature switch from daylight savings time to standard time in
order to accommodate a week of Slihot, involving pre-sunrise prayers.
Palestinians refused to "live on Zionist time".  Two weeks of
scheduling havoc ensued.  The bombs had been prepared in a
Palestine-controlled area, and set on Daylight Savings time. The
confused drivers had already switched to standard time. As a result,
the cars were still en-route when the explosives detonated, delivering
to the terrorists their well-deserved demise.

Finally, something other than smiley faces....   :)

  (o)(o)          perfect breasts

  ( + )( + )      fake silicone breasts

  (*)(*)          high nipple breasts

  (@)(@)          big nipple breasts

  oo              a cups

  { O }{ O }      d cups

  (oYo)           wonder bra breasts

  ( ^ )( ^ )      cold breasts (or happy to see me;)

  (o)(O)          lopsided breasts

  (Q)(O)          pierced breasts

  (p)(p)          hanging tassels breasts

  (:o)(o)         bitten by a vampire breasts

  \o/\o/          Grandma's breasts

  (  -  )(  -  )  flat against the shower door breasts

  < o < o         electric shock breasts

  |o||o|          android breasts

  (/)(o)          scratched breasts

  (%)(o)          extra nipple breasts (like Chandler)

  ($)($)          Jenny McCarthy's breasts

  (^o)(o)         zit on your breast

  (  o  Y  o  )   poses for BIG-UNS magazine breasts


And God created woman and she had 3 breasts. He then asked the
woman, "Is there anything you'd like to have changed?"

She replied, "Yes, could you get rid of this middle breast?"

And so it was done, and it was good.

Then the woman exclaimed as she was holding that third breast in
her hand, "What can be done with this useless boob?"

And God created man.

>From the Saturday Night Live genius:
===================================
        If you ever drop your keys into a river of molten lava, let'em
go, because, man, they're gone.

        If trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them
own? We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason."

        To me, it's a good idea to always carry two sacks of something
when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, "Hey, can you give me a
hand?" You can say, "Sorry, got these sacks."

        One thing kids like is to be tricked. For instance, I was going
to take my nephew to Disneyland, but instead I drove him to an old
burned-out warehouse. "Oh no," I said, "Disneyland burned down." He cried
and cried, but I think that deep down he thought it was a pretty good
joke. I started to drive over to the real Disneyland, but it was getting
pretty late.

        The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth part of
the face.

        If you lived in the Dark Ages and you were a catapult operator, I
bet the most common question people would ask is, "Can't you make it
shoot farther?" "No, I'm sorry. That's as far as it shoots."

        Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful
flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying
a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful
painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk.

        I believe in making the world safe for our children, but not our
children's children, because I don't think children should be having sex.

        If a kid asks where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell
him is, "God is crying." And if he asks why God is crying, another cute
thing to tell him is, "Probably because of something you did."

        If you ever catch on fire, try to avoid seeing yourself in the
mirror, because I bet that's what REALLY throws you into a panic.

        Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my
first instinct is to laugh. But then I think, what if I was an ant and
she fell on me. Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny.

        To me, boxing is like a ballet, except there's no music, no
choreography and the dancers hit each other.

        I hope if dogs ever take over the world and they choose a king,
they don't just go by size, because I bet there are some Chihuahuas with
some good ideas.

        If life deals you lemons, why not go kill someone with the lemons
(maybe by shoving them down his throat).

        Instead of having "answers" on a math test, they should just call
them "impressions," and if you got a different "impression," so what,
can't we all be brothers?
>From the Saturday Night Live genius
===================================
        Probably the earliest fly swatters were nothing more than some
sort of striking surface attached to the end of a long stick.

        I wish I would have a real tragic love affair and get so bummed
out that I'd just quit my job and become a bum for a few years, because I
was thinking about doing that anyway.

        I think a good gift for the President would be a chocolate
revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him
real quick and hand it to him.

        Maybe in order to understand mankind we have to look at that word
itself. MANKIND. Basically, it's made up of two separate words "mank" and
"ind." What do these words mean? It's a mystery and that's why so is mankind.

        If you go flying back through time and you see somebody else
flying forward into the future, it's probably best to avoid eye contact.

        It's easy to sit there and say you'd like to have more money. And
I guess that's what I like about it. It's easy. Just sitting there,
rocking back and forth, wanting that money.

        If you ever reach total enlightenment while you're drinking a
beer, I bet it makes beer shoot out your nose.

        To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've
wondered where this started and I think it goes back to the time I went
to the circus and a clown killed my dad.

        As the light changed from red to green to yellow and back to red
again, I sat there thinking about life. Was it nothing more than a bunch
of honking and yelling? Sometimes it seemed that way.

        I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without
hate. And I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never
expect it.

        I hope some animal never bores a hole in my head and lays its
eggs in my brain, because later you might think you're having a good idea
but it's just eggs hatching.

        Whenever you read a good book, it's like the author is right
there, in the room talking to you, which is why I don't like to read good
books.

        What is it about a beautiful sunny afternoon, with the birds
singing and the wind rustling through the leaves, that makes you want to
get drunk? And after you're real drunk, maybe go down to the public park
and stagger around and ask people for money, and then lay down and go to
sleep.

        Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks
out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like
a regular window.

        During the Middle Ages, probably one of the biggest mistakes was
not putting on your armor because you were "just going down to the corner."

        If I ever get real rich, I hope I'm not real mean to poor people,
like I am now.

        When I found the skull in the woods, the first thing I did was
call the police. But then I got curious about it. I picked it up, and
started wondering who this person was, and why he had deer horns.

        I remember how my great-uncle Jerry would sit on the porch and
whittle all day long. Once he whittled me a toy boat out of a larger toy
boat I had. It was almost as good as the first one, except now it had
bumpy whittle marks all over it. And no paint, because he had whittled
off the paint.

        Here's a good thing to do if you go to a party and you don't know
anybody: First take out the garbage. Then go around and collect any extra
garbage that people might have, like a crumpled napkin, and take that out
too. Pretty soon people will want to meet the busy garbage guy.
         \\//
~~~~o00o~(,,)~o00o~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
          ()         DISTRIBUTED BY:  "THE INTERNET FUNNYBONE"
         \__/
    
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
   Sorry I was away on the Memorial Day Holiday.  You shouldn't
have been checking your e-mail anyway if you were looking for me.
 Here's another oldie, it's a follow-up to a file a sent a long
time ago.  You may recognize some, there IS some overlap. 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

                  * MORE DEEP THOUGHTS * 

                      BY JACK HANDY

If they ever come up with a swashbuckling School, I think one of
the courses should be Laughing, Then Jumping Off Something.

When you're riding in a time machine way far into the future,
don't stick your elbow out the window, or it'll turn into a
fossil.

It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at
that man.

At first I thought, if I were Superman, a perfect secret identity
would be "Clark Kent, Dentist," because you could save money on
tooth X-rays. But then I thought, if a patient said, "How's my
back tooth?" and you just looked at it with your X-ray vision and
said, "Oh it's okay," then the patient would probably say,
"Aren't you going to take an X-ray, stupid?" and you'd say, "Aw
fuck you, get outta here," and then he probably wouldn't even pay
his bill.

One thing kids like is to be tricked. For instance, I was going
to take my little nephew to Disneyland, but instead I drove him
to an old burned-out warehouse. "Oh, no," I said. "Disneyland
burned down." He cried and cried, but I think that deep down, he
thought it was a pretty good joke. I started to drive over to the
real Disneyland, but it was getting pretty late.

A good way to threaten somebody is to light a stick of dynamite.
Then you call the guy and hold the burning fuse up to the phone.
"Hear that?" you say. "That's dynamite, baby."

Why do people in ship mutinies always ask for "better
treatment"? I'd ask for a pinball machine, because with all that
rocking back and forth you'd probably be able to get a lot of
free games.

I'd like to be buried Indian-style, where they put you up on a
high rack, above the ground. That way, you could get hit by
meteorites and not even feel it.

If I lived back in the wild west days, instead of carrying a
six-gun in my holster, I'd carry a soldering iron. That way, if
some smart-aleck cowboy said something like "Hey, look. He's
carrying a soldering iron!" and started laughing, and everybody
else started laughing, I could just say, "That's right, it's a
soldering iron. The soldering iron of justice." Then everybody
would get real quiet and ashamed, because they had made fun of
the soldering iron of justice, and I could probably hit them up
for a free drink.

I bet when the neanderthal kids would make a snowman, someone
would always end up saying, "Don't forget the thick, heavy
brows." Then they would all get embarrassed because they
remembered they had the big hunky brows too, and they'd get mad
and eat the snowman.

Fear can sometimes be a useful emotion. For instance, let's say
you're an astronaught on the moon and you fear that your partner
has been turned into Dracula. The next time he goes out for the
moon pieces, wham!, you just slam the door behind him and blast
off. He might call you on the radio and say he's not Dracula, but
you just say, "Think again, bat man."

Too bad you can't buy a voodoo globe so that you could make the
earth spin real fast and freak everybody out.

The people in the village were real poor, so none of the
children had any toys. But this one little boy had gotten an old
enema bag and filled it with rocks, and he would go around and
whap the other children across the face with it. Man, I think my
heart almost broke. Later the boy came up and offered to give me
the toy. This was too much! I reached out my hand, but then he
ran away. I chased him down and took the enema bag. He cried a
little, but that's the way of these people.

I wish I had a Kryptonite cross, because then you could keep both
Dracula AND Superman away.

I don't think I'm alone when I say I'd like to see more and more
planets fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system.

Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess
is why several of us died of tuberculosis.

Maybe in order to understand mankind, we have to look at the word
itself: "Mankind". Basically, it's made up of two separate words
- "mank" and "ind". What do these words mean ? It's a mystery, and
that's why so is mankind.

I hope if dogs ever take over the world, and they chose a king,
they don't just go by size, because I bet there are some
Chihuahuas with some good ideas.

I guess we were all guilty, in a way. We all shot him, we all
skinned him, and we all got a complimentary bumper sticker that
said, "I helped skin Bob."

I bet the main reason the police keep people away from a plane
crash is they don't want anybody walking in and lying down in the
crash stuff, then, when somebody comes up, act like they just
woke up and go, "What was THAT?!"

The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth part of
the face.

Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus Flytrap. The flytrap
can bite and bite, but it won't bother the frog because it only
has little tiny plant teeth. But some other stuff could happen
and it could be like ambition.

I'd rather be rich than stupid.

If you were a poor Indian with no weapons, and a bunch of
conquistadors came up to you and asked where the gold was, I
don't think it would be a good idea to say, "I swallowed it. So
sue me."

If you define cowardice as running away at the first sign of
danger, screaming and tripping and begging for mercy, then yes,
Mr. Brave man, I guess I'm a coward.

I bet one legend that keeps recurring throughout history, in
every culture, is the story of Popeye.

When you go in for a job interview, I think a good thing to ask
is if they ever press charges.

To me, boxing is like a ballet, except there's no music, no
choreography, and the dancers hit each other.

What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river
to save a solid gold baby? Maybe we'll never know.

We tend to scoff at the beliefs of the ancients. But we can't
scoff at them personally, to their faces, and this is what annoys
me.

Probably the earliest flyswatters were nothing more than some
sort of striking surface attached to the end of a long stick.

I think someone should have had the decency to tell me the
luncheon was free. To make someone run out with potato salad in
his hand, pretending he's throwing up, is not what I call
hospitality.

To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kind of scary. I've
wondered where this started and I think it goes back to the time
I went to the circus, and a clown killed my dad.

As I bit into the nectarine, it had a crisp juiciness about it
that was very pleasurable - until I realized it wasn't a
nectarine at all, but A HUMAN HEAD!!

Most people don't realize that large pieces of coral, which have
been painted brown and attached to the skull by common wood
screws, can make a child look like a deer.

If trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them
down? We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good
reason.

Better not take a dog on the space shuttle, because if he sticks
his head out when you're coming home his face might burn up.

You know what would make a good story? Something about a clown
who make people happy, but inside he's real sad. Also, he has
severe diarrhea.

Sometimes when I feel like killing someone, I do a little trick
to calm myself down. I'll go over to the persons house and ring
the doorbell. When the person comes to the door, I'm gone, but
you know what I've left on the porch? A jack-o-lantern with a
knife stuck in the side of it's head with a note that says "You."
After that I usually feel a lot better, and no harm done.

If you're a horse, and someone gets on you, and falls off, and
then gets right back on you, I think you should buck him off
right away.

If you ever teach a yodeling class, probably the hardest thing
is to keep the students from just trying to yodel right off. You
see, we build to that.

If you ever fall off the Sears Tower, just go real limp, because
maybe you'll look like a dummy and people will try to catch you
because, hey, free dummy.

I'd like to see a nude opera, because when they hit those high
notes, I bet you can really see it in those genitals.

Anytime I see something screech across a room and latch onto
someones neck, and the guy screams and tries to get it off, I
have to laugh, because what is that thing.

He was a cowboy, mister, and he loved the land. He loved it so
much he made a woman out of dirt and married her. But when he
kissed her, she disintegrated. Later, at the funeral, when the
preacher said, "Dust to dust," some people laughed, and the
cowboy shot them. At his hanging, he told the others, "I'll be
waiting for you in heaven--with a gun."

The memories of my family outings are still a source of strength
to me. I remember we'd all pile into the car - I forget what kind
it was - and drive and drive. I'm not sure where we'd go, but I
think there were some trees there. The smell of something was
strong in the air as we played whatever sport we played. I
remember a bigger, older guy we called "Dad." We'd eat some
stuff, or not, and then I think we went home. I guess some things
never leave you.

If a kid asks where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to
tell him is "God is crying." And if he asks why God is crying,
another cute thing to tell him is "Probably because of something
you did."

Contrary to what most people say, the most dangerous animal in
the world is not the lion or the tiger or even the elephant. It's
a shark riding on an elephant's back, just trampling and eating
everything they see.

As we were driving, we saw a sign that said "Watch for Rocks."
Marta said it should read "Watch for Pretty Rocks." I told her
she should write in her suggestion to the highway department, but
she started saying it was a joke - just to get out of writing a
simple letter! And I thought I was lazy!

One thing kids like is to be tricked. For instance, I was going
to take my little nephew to DisneyLand, but instead I drove him
to an old burned-out warehouse. "Oh, no," I said, "DisneyLand
burned down." He cried and cried, but I think that deep down he
thought it was a pretty good joke. I started to drive over to the
real DisneyLand, but it was getting pretty late.

If you saw two guys named Hambone and Flippy, which one would you
think liked dolphins the most? I'd say Flippy, wouldn't you?
You'd be wrong, though. It's Hambone.

Laurie got offended that I used the word "puke." But to me,
that's what her dinner tasted like.

We used to laugh at Grandpa when he'd head off and go fishing.
But we wouldn't be laughing that evening when he'd come back with
some whore he picked up in town.

I wish a robot would get elected president. That way, when he
came to town, we could all take a shot at him and not feel too
bad.

As the evening sky faded from a salmon color to a sort of flint
gray, I thought back to the salmon I caught that morning, and how
gray he was, and how I named him Flint.

If you're a young Mafia gangster out on your first date, I bet
it's real embarrassing if someone tries to kill you.

Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my
first instinct is to laugh. But then I think, what is I was an
ant, and she fell on me. Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny.

If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and you
friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be
to pretend you were swimming.

When I was a kid my favorite relative was Uncle Caveman. After
school we'd all go play in his cave, and every once in a while he
would eat one of us. It wasn't until later that I found out that
Uncle Caveman was a bear.

Children need encouragement. If a kid gets an answer right, tell
him it was a lucky guess. That way he develops a good, lucky
feeling.

The crows seemed to be calling his name, thought Caw.

When you die, if you get a choice between going to regular
heaven or pie heaven, choose pie heaven. It might be a trick, but
if it's not, mmmmmmm, boy.

Whether they find a life there or not, I think Jupiter should be
called an enemy planet.

Instead of trying to build newer and bigger weapons of
destruction, we should be thinking about getting more use out of
the ones we already have.

I think a good gift for the President would be a chocolate
revolver. and since he is so busy, you'd probably have to run up
to him real quick and give it to him.

Just because swans mate for life, I don't think its that big a
deal. First of all, if you're a swan, you're probably not going
to find a swan that looks much better than the one you've got, so
why not mate for life?

If you're robbing a bank and you're pants fall down, I think
it's okay to laugh and to let the hostages laugh too, because,
come on, life is funny.

If you ever catch on fire, try to avoid looking in a mirror,
because I bet that will really throw you into a panic.

Sometimes I think I'd be better off dead. No, wait, not me, you.

I can't stand cheap people. It makes me real mad when someone
says something like, "Hey, when are you going to pay me that $100
you owe me?" or "Do you have that $50 you borrowed?" Man, quit
being so cheap!

I think the mistake a lot of us make is thinking the
state-appointed shrink is our friend.

I think one way the cops could make money would be to hold a
murder weapons sale. Many people could really use used ice picks.

If you ever reach total enlightenment while drinking beer, I bet
you could shoot beer out of you nose.

I believe in making the world safe for our children, but not our
children's children, because I don't think children should be
having sex.

Even though I was their captive, the Indians allowed me quite a
bit of freedom. I could walk freely, make my own meals, and even
hurl large rocks at their heads. It was only later that I
discovered that they were not Indians at all but only
dirty-clothes hampers.

I wish outer space guys would conquer the Earth and make people
their pets, because I'd like to have one of those little beds
with my name on it.

It's true that every time you hear a bell, an angel gets its
wings. But what they don't tell you is that every time you hear a
mouse trap snap, and Angel gets set on fire.

If you're in a war, instead of throwing a hand grenade at the
enemy, throw one of those small pumpkins. Maybe it'll make
everyone think how stupid war is, and while they are thinking,
you can throw a real grenade at them.

I hope life isn't a big joke, because I don't get it.

The next time I have meat and mashed potatoes, I think I'll put
a very large blob of potatoes on my plate with just a little
piece of meat. And if someone asks me why I didn't get more meat,
I'll just say, "Oh, you mean this?" and pull out a big piece of
meat from inside the blob of potatoes, where I've hidden it. Good
magic trick, huh?

Life, to me, is like a quiet forest pool, one that needs a
direct hit from a big rock half-buried in the ground. You pull
and you pull, but you can't get the rock out of the ground. So
you give it a good kick, but you lose your balance and go
skidding down the hill toward the pool. Then out comes a big
Hawaiian man who was screwing his wife beside the pool because
they thought it was real pretty. He tells you to get out of
there, but you start faking it, like you're talking Hawaiian, and
then he gets mad and chases you...

Sometimes, when I drive across the desert in the middle of the
night, with no other cars around, I start imagining: What if
there were no civilization out there? No cities, no factories, no
people? And then I think: No people or factories? Then who made
this car? And this highway? And I get so confused I have to stick
my head out the window into the driving rain---unless there's
lightning, because I could get struck on the head by a bolt.

The whole town laughed at my great-grandfather, just because he
worked hard and saved his money. True, working at the hardware
store didn't pay much, but he felt it was better than what
everybody else did, which was go up to the volcano and collect
the gold nuggets it shot out every day. It turned out he was
right. After forty years, the volcano petered out. Everybody left
town, and the hardware store went broke. Finally he decided to
collect gold nuggets too, but there weren't many left by then.
Plus, he broke his leg and the doctor's bills were real high.

Too bad when I was a kid there wasn't a guy in our class that
everybody called the "Cricket Boy", because I would have liked to
stand up in class and tell everybody, "You can make fun of the
Cricket Boy if you want to, but to me he's just like everybody
else." Then everybody would leave the Cricket Boy alone, and I'd
invite him over to spend the night at my house, but after about
five minutes of that loud chirping I'd have to kick him out.
Maybe later we could get up a petition to get the Cricket Family
run out of town. Bye, Cricket Boy.

I think a good product would be "Baby Duck Hat". It's a fake baby
duck, which you strap on top of your head. Then you go swimming
underwater until you find a mommy duck and her babies, and you
join them. Then, all of a sudden, you stand up out of the water
and roar like Godzilla. Man, those ducks really take off! Also,
Baby Duck Hat is good for parties.

I wish I lived back in the old west days, because I'd save up my
money for about twenty years so I could buy a solid-gold pick.
Then I'd go out West and start digging for gold. When someone
came up and asked what I was doing, I'd say, "Looking for gold,
ya durn fool." He'd say, "Your pick is gold," and I'd say, "Well,
that was easy." Good joke, huh.

A funny thing to do is, if you're out hiking and your friend gets
bitten by a poisonous snake, tell him you're going to go for
help, then go about ten feet and pretend that *you* got bit by a
snake. Then start an argument with him about who's going to go
get help. A lot of guys will start crying. That's why it makes
you feel good when you tell them it was just a joke.

I guess I kinda lost control, because in the middle of the play
I ran up and lit the evil puppet villain on fire. No, I didn't.
Just kidding. I just said that to help illustrate one of the human
emotions, which is freaking out. Another emotion is greed, as
when you kill someone for money, or something like that. Another
emotion is generosity, as when you pay someone double what he
paid for his stupid puppet.

Many people think that history is a dull subject. Dull? Is it
"dull" that Jesse James once got bitten on the forehead by an
ant, and at first it didn't seem like anything, but then the bite
got worse and worse, so he went to a doctor in town, and the
secretary told him to wait, so he sat down and waited, and
waited, and waited, and waited, and then finally he got to see
the doctor, and the doctor put some salve on it? You call that
dull?

I scrambled to the top of the precipice where Nick was waiting.
"That was fun," I said. "You bet it was," said Nick. "Let's climb
higher." "No," I said. "I think we should be heading back now."
"We have time," Nick insisted. I said we didn't, and Nick said we
did. We argued back and forth like that for about 20 minutes,
then finally decided to head back. I didn't say it was an
interesting story.

If you're a Thanksgiving dinner, but you don't like the stuffing
or the cranberry sauce or anything else, just pretend like you're
eating it, but instead, put it all in your lap and form it into a
big mushy ball. Then, later, when you're out back having cigars
with the boys, let out a big fake cough and throw the ball to the
ground. Then say, "Boy, these are good cigars!"

I remember that one fateful day when Coach took me aside. I knew
what was coming. "You don't have to tell me," I said. "I'm off
the team, aren't I?" "Well," said Coach, "you never were really
ON the team. You made that uniform you're wearing out of rags and
towels, and your helmet is a toy space helmet. You show up at
practice and then either steal the ball and make us chase you to
get it back, or you try to tackle people at inappropriate times."
It was all true what he was saying. And yet, I thought something
is brewing inside the head of this Coach. He sees something in
me, some kind of raw talent that he can mold. But that's when I
felt the handcuffs go on.

If I ever opened a trampoline store, I don't think I'd call it
Trampo-Land, because you might think it was a store for tramps,
which is not the inpression we are trying to convey with our
store. On the other hand, we would not prohibit tramps from
browsing, or testing the trampolines, unless a tramp's gyrations
seemed to be getting out of control.

I can still recall old Mister Barnslow getting out every morning
and nailing a fresh load of tadpoles to the old board of his.
Then he'd spin it round and round, like a wheel of fortune, and
no matter where it stopped he'd yell out, "Tadpoles! Tadpoles is
a winner!" We all thought he was crazy. But then we had some
growing up to do.

Once when I was in Hawaii, on the island of Kauai, I met a
mysterious old stranger. He said he was about to die and wanted
to tell someone about the treasure. I said, "Okay, as long as
it's not a long story. Some of us have a plane to catch, you
know." He stared telling hes story, about the treasure and his
life and all, and I thought: "This story isn't too long." But
then, he kept going, and I started thinking, "Uh-oh, this story
is getting long." But then the story was over, and I said to
myself: "You know, that story wasn't too long after all." I
forget what the story was about, but there was a good movie on
the plane. It was a little long, though.

I bet a fun thing would be to go way back in time to where there
was going to be an eclipse and tell the cave men, "If I have come
to destroy you, may the sun be blotted out from the sky." Just
then the eclipse would start, and they'd probably try to kill you
or something, but then you could explain about the rotation of
the moon and all, and everyone would get a good laugh.

I wouldn't be surprised if someday some fishermen caught a big
shark and cut it open, and there inside was a whole person. Then
they cut the person open, and in him is a little baby shark. And
in the baby shark there isn't a person, because it would be too
small. But there's a little doll or something, like a Johnny
Combat little toy guy---something like that.



         Thanks to the Archives for this contribution
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
  The "The Internet FunnyBone" list is not a LISTSERVE but a very
  large mailing alias that I maintain.  To be added to this list,
        please send a message to:  <gunn56@inslab.uky.edu>
  a a           with the Subject:  ADD FUNNYBONE              O -
 \___/          or to be removed:  DROP FUNNYBONE            \___/
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 
 The Partial Dixie Dictionary
 
 auto - (should) - "I auto go to work, but ahm tared."
 ax - (question) - "Ah ax you this."
 abode - a piece of wood, as "han me a bode to hit this mule."
 barn - (hatched) - "I was barn in nineteen twenty and three"
 braid - (lot braid) - what you eat when u'ins outta biscuits.
 balks - (a square thaing) - like a "match balks"
 cad - (to tote) - "I cad ma bride over the threshold"
 cheer - (whut you sit on) - Pull up a cheer and set down
 did - (not alive) - as "He's did"
 fussed - whut comes before second
 far - a burnin' pile of sticks
 gull - a young female human
 heaven - (having) - A'm heaven some folks in foah dinnah
 ice cool - a school for younguns befoe college
 lot - (undark) - "Jeannie with the lot-brown haar"
 pin - whut you keep hawgs in - a hawg pin
 rat cheer - (not there) - (Here) - like "Lay it rat cheer"
 stow - a place that sells stuff
 thud - what comes after second
 tin-sin-stow - (5 & 10) "Let's go to the tin-sin-stow"
 STATES
 Taixas
 Ole Mis-sip-i
 Alabam
 Jawja
 Flawda
 South Calinah
 Nawth Calinah
 Virginny
 Caintuck
 New Yawk
 



What If Dr. Seuss Did Technical Writing?

Here's an easy game to play.
Here's an easy thing to say:

If a packet hits a pocket on a socket on a port,
And the bus is interrupted as a very last resort,
And the address of the memory makes your floppy disk abort,
Then the socket packet pocket has an error to report!

If your cursor finds a menu item followed by a dash,
And the double-clicking icon puts your window in the trash,
And your data is corrupted 'cause the index doesn't hash,
Then your situation's hopeless, and your system's gonna crash!

You can't say this?
What a shame sir!
We'll find you
Another game sir.

If the label on the cable on the table at your house,
Says the network is connected to the button on your mouse,
But your packets want to tunnel on another protocol,
That's repeatedly rejected by the printer down the hall,

And your screen is all distorted by the side effects of gauss
So your icons in the window are as wavy as a souse,
Then you may as well reboot and go out with a bang,
'Cause as sure as I'm a poet, the sucker's gonna hang!

When the copy of your floppy's getting sloppy on the disk,
And the microcode instructions cause unnecessary risc,
Then you have to flash your memory and you'll want to RAM your ROM.
Quickly turn off the computer and be sure to tell your mom!


 
 From eastrlng@utdallas.edu Tue Feb 20 00:53:04 1996
 ---------------------------------------------------
         20 reasons why e-mail is better than sex
 
         1) E-mails last as long as you want them to.
         2) You can e-mail a complete stranger without getting arrested.
         3) Big e-mails don't hurt; little ones can satisfy.
         4) You can e-mail people in public without getting funny looks.
         5) You can e-mail somebody on the other side of the world.
         6) You can e-mail people of either or both genders without being
            considered perverted.
         7) You can turn a computer on without having to wear clothes that
            might make you catch pneumonia.
         8) If you e-mail somebody once then don't get in touch again you
            won't feel too guilty about it.
         9) People who e-mail a lot of different people in a short time
            don't get called horrid names.
        10) You can e-mail somebody who doesn't want anything to do with
            you and they can't get you put in prison for it.
        11) Nobody makes any big thing of the first time you e-mail somebody.
        12) Using your fingers to e-mail isn't considered vaguely disgusting.
        13) You can talk loudly about e-mailing in front of your auntie and
            she won't be distressed.
        14) You can e-mail close relatives and nobody will really bother
            about it.
        15) E-mail can't get you pregnant.
        16) Or give you nasty diseases.
        17) You can e-mail somebody at any time of the month.
        18) If you get a nasty e-mail you won't need counselling afterwards.
        19) After you've used a computer to e-mail, it won't hassle you
            for coffee.
        20) If somebody interrupts you while you're e-mailing, you feel
            neither embarrassed nor frustrated.
 


 
     A friend at work shared this one with me.  I've left credit for the
 original poster at the bottom.
 
 -----------------------------------------------
 
                 Signs You Have A Drinking Problem
 
 You lose arguments with inanimate objects.
 
 You have to hold onto the lawn to keep from falling off the earth.
 
 Job interferring with your drinking.
 
 Your docter finds traces of blood in your alcohol stream.
 
 Career won't progress beyond Senator from Massachusettes.
 
 The back of your head keeps getting hit by the toilet seat.
 
 Sincerely believe alcohol to be the elusive 5th food group.
 
 24 hours in a day, 24 beers in a case - coincidence?? - I think not!
 
 Two hands and just one mouth... - now THAT'S a drinking problem!
 
 When you can focus better with one eye closed.
 
 The parking lot seems to have moved while you were in the bar.
 
 Every woman you see has an exact twin.
 
 You fall off the floor...
 
 Your twin sons are named Barley and Hops.
 
 Hey, 5 beers has just as many calories as a burger, screw dinner!
 
 The glass keeps missing your mouth!
 
 Bill Clinton starts to make sense.
 
 Vampires catch a buzz after attacking you [also mosquitoes!]
 
 At AA meeting you begin: "Hi, my name is... uh..."
 
 Your idea of cutting back is less salt.
 
 You wake up in the bedroom, your underwear is in the bathroom, you fell
 asleep clothed. - hmm.
 
 The whole bar says 'Hi' when you come in...
 
 You think the Four Basic Food Groups are Caffeine, Nicotine, Alcohol, and
 [Women].
 
 Every night you're beginning to find your roomate's cat more and more
 attractive.
 
 Hi ocifer. I'm not under the affluence of incohol.
 
 I'm not drunk... you're just sober... - HI OCIFER!!!!!!
 
 Roseanne looks good.
 
 Don't recognise wife unless seen through bottom of glass.
 
 That damned pink elephant followed me home again.
 
 Senators Kennedy and Packwood shake their heads when they walk past you.
 
 You have a Reserved Parking space at the liquor store.
 
 I'm as jober as a sudge.
 
 You wake up in Korea in August and the last thing you remember is the
 Fourth of July party at the Halekulani in Waikiki.
 
 You've fallen and you can't get up.
 
 When hangovers become an attractive alternative lifestyle - please pass the
 ice pack....
 
 BeerTender! Get me another Bar!
 
 The shrubbery's drunk too, from frequent watering.
 
 Your name is Ted Kennedy.
 
 Foster Brooks appears sober to you.
 
 

Women: You can't live with them, and you can't get them to dress up in a skimpy
Nazi costume and beat you with a warm squash.  -- Emo Phillips

The toughest time...in anyone's life...is when you have to kill a loved one
just because they're the devil.  -- Emo Phillips

I ran three miles today, finally I said "lady take your purse."
        -- Emo Phillips

Some mornings it just doesn't seem worth it to gnaw through the leather straps.
        -- Emo Phillips

I was walking down the street, something caught my eye...and dragged it fifteen
feet.  -- Emo Phillips

The other day a woman came up to me and said, "Didn't I see you on television?"
I said, "I don't know.  You can't see out the other way."  -- Emo Phillips

Emo Phillips was pulled over in Massachusetts for reckless driving.  When
brought before the judge, Emo was asked if he knew what the punishment for
drunk driving in that state was.  His reply: "I don't know, reelection to the
Senate?"

I love to go down to the schoolyard and watch all the little children jump up
and down and run around yelling and screaming...They don't know I'm only using
blanks.  -- Emo Phillips

I discovered my wife in bed with another man, and I was crushed.  So I said,
"Get off me, you two!"  -- Emo Phillips

I was walking across a bridge one day, and i saw a man standing on the edge,
about to jump off.  so i ran over and said "stop! don't do it!"  "Why shouldn't
I?" he said.  I said, "Well, there's so much to live for!"  He said, "Like
what?"  I said, "Well...are you religious or atheist?"  He said, "Religious."
I said, "Me too!  Are you christian or buddhist?"  He said, "Christian."  I
said, "Me too!  Are you catholic or protestant?"  He said, "Protestant."  I
said, "Me too!  Are you episcopalian or baptist?"  He said, "Baptist!"  I said,
"Wow!  Me too!  Are you baptist church of god or baptist church of the lord?"
He said, "Baptist church of god!"  I said, "Me too!  Are you original baptist
church of god, or are you reformed baptist church of god?"  He said, "Reformed
baptist church of god!"  I said, "Me too!  Are you reformed baptist church of
god, reformation of 1879, or reformed baptist church of god, reformation of
1915?"  He said, "Reformed baptist church of god, reformation of 1915!"  I
said, "Die, heretic scum", and pushed him off.  -- Emo Phillips

The IRS sent back my tax return saying I owed $800. I said "If you'll notice, I
sent a paper clip with my return.  Given what you've been paying for things
lately, that should more than make up the difference."  -- Emo Phillips

A friend of mine gave me a Philip Glass record. I listened to it for five hours
before I realized it had a scratch on it.  -- Emo Phillips

UMJS@SMTP{UMJS@VGI1.COM} has been added to the JOKES discussion list.

Thank you for subscribing to "Infinite Joke List".

We're happy that you have chosen to join in this discussion.  Here is some 
helpful information regarding the use of this service.  It is important to 
note that you should use some consideration for other subscribers when 
sending messages to this discussion list.


RULES OF CONDUCT
----------------

1 - If you receive a message from this list that contains a reference to a
    file in the library, make your request to the library, NOT the list.

2 - If you want to reply to a conversation in this list, consider whether
    your reply would be best sent to the list, or to the originator of the
    message.  Replying to the list generates a copy of your message to all
    of the subscribers ... and generates a lot of mail.

3 - When sending a message to the list or replying to a message from it, 
    carefully edit your reply so that it only contains information that
    pertains to the conversation.  Excessive info can be distracting and 
    disturbing to the other recipients.

4 - Avoid sending negative or editorial comments ... you never know who may
    read your message, or the results.

5 - If you have questions, problems, or suggestions, please address them to
    libadmin @ infinite, not to the list.


ADDRESSING MESSAGES
-------------------

Messages can be addressed to the discussion lists in one of two ways:
either by using the application identifier to specify the list name;
or by using the MHS extended address field.
      
      Examples:
         LIBRARY.JOKES @ INFINITE
  Or:    LIBRARY @ INFINITE {DIST:JOKES}
      
      
SENDING MESSAGES TO THE DISCUSSION LIST
---------------------------------------

To send a message to the subscribers of the discussion list, address your
message to the library in one of the methods described above, then compose
the message and send it.  The system will not send you a copy, but will
acknowledge receipt of your message if you send it via registered mail.
      
      
DESUBSCRIBING FROM THE DISCUSSION LIST
--------------------------------------

To remove your name from the list, send your message to 
LIBRARY.JOKES @ INFINITE with DESUBSCRIBE in the subject.
      
You can also remove your name from a list by sending a message to
LIBRARY @ INFINITE with the subject of DESUBSCRIBE:JOKES
      
Thank you for using this service.

- Infinite Joke List
  Infinite Technologies

  LIBADMIN @ INFINITE is your List Administrator.

  ConnectLibrary V2.10.x
  Message File: ADDLIST.MSG

e-mail jokes@infinite.ihub.com subject "SUBSCRIBE"


Date:    Mon, 19 Dec 1994 22:41:09 PST
From:    Jascha Franklin-Hodge <joeshmoe@WORLD.STD.COM>
Subject: Announcing LaughWEB

ANNOUNCING:

                LaughWEB
        a collection of humor on the World-Wide-Web

This is a fairly large collection of humor files that I have accumulated
over the years.  New files are added daily as I find them on the Net.

LaughWEB is also an official archive site for the following:
        * Life (A Collection of Clean Humor)
        * The Canonical List of Blonde Jokes
        * The Canonical List Bumper Stickers
        * The Canonical List of Humorous Answering
           Machine Messages
        * The Canonical List of Light Bulb Jokes
        * The Canonical List of Pranks
        * The Canonical List of Taglines

The URL to access LaughWEB is: http://www.misty.com/laughweb/

If you have any questions or problems, please direct them to:

joeshmoe@misty.com
Home Page:http://www.misty.com/people/joeshmoe


ObHumor:

"Come to think of it, there are already a million monkeys on a million
typewriters, and Usenet is NOTHING like Shakespeare."
         -- Blair Houghton

The actual origins of the Annual Adolph Eichmann's Evil Cake Contest
are probably better off lost in the hall-closet of history, but the
legend remains.

The contest was born out of a student paper on Hannah Arendt which was
submitted as an assignment in The Schoolhouse (a writing program).
The only extant fragment of that immortal paper is part of its final
sentence: "...but the icing on Adolph Eichmann's evil cake was..."
which spawned a tradition of writing unknown to man before its time,
and which has been reverently memorialized by an annual event.

Excerpts from this year's contest entries rate no more introduction:

"In short, Socrates seems to be the philosophical napkin with which
the ensuing cultural thinkers of history wipe their mouths of pedantic
ooze."

"The Syracusans defeated the Athenians on their own turf, the sea."

"Like raisins in a bread pudding, the moments lie within the body
of Henry."

"As a domestic animal, Othello is a child."

"Morality is ubiquitous in everything that is good or bad."

"Why should someone be penalized because he has studied diligently and
deciduously in high school."

"`Tyranny of the majority' as a dangerous and omnipotent force is
still a dangerous issue - we see it manifest itself in our culture in
such things as florescent biker shorts and Motley Crue."

"In the upcoming times of cutbacks, the defense industry can turn to
making stimulation devices."

"Today, the world is teetering on the brink of nuclear Agamemnon."

"But when the chips are down, women hold the reins."

Subject: BUMS

We all know those cute little computer symbols called
"emoticons", where  :)  means a smile and  :(  is a frown.
Sometimes these are represented by  :-)  and  :-(  respectively.
Well, how about some "assicons"?
Here goes:

  (_!_)      a regular ass


  (__!__)    a fat ass


  (!)        a tight ass


  (_*_)      a sore ass


  {_!_}      a swishy ass


  (_o_)      an ass that's been around


  (_x_)      kiss my ass


  (_X_)      leave my ass alone


  (_zzz_)    a tired ass


  (_E=mc2_)  a smart ass


  (_$_)      Money coming out of his (her?) ass


  (_?_)      Dumb Ass


..oo*"""**oo.oo*""*oo..
oo*"	       "*o.o*"        "*o.
o"		     'o"		 "
o		       o		    *o
o			o			'o
o			  o			   o.
o			   o			     o
o			   \o/  		     o
o			  --0-- 		      o
o.			   /o\  		      o
o			    o			      o
o			    o			       o
o			    o			    oo
oo			   o			   oo
oo.			  oo			oo
oo.		     .oo.		  ooo
""oo,,        ,,oO-'Oo,       ,,,,,oo"o
o.	   """"""    oo       """""	   .o
o		     oo 		   o
o		     oo 		   o
o		      o 		  o*
o		      o 		  o
o		      o 		 o
o		     o
o		     o  	       o
o		     o  	       o
o		    o		      o

YOU MAY BE AN ENGINEER


If you introduce your wife as "mylady@home.wife"

If your spouse sends you an e-mail instead of calling you to dinner

If you can quote scenes from any Monty Python movie

If you want an 8X CDROM for Christmas

If Dilbert is your hero

If you stare at an orange juice container because it says CONCENTRATE

If you can name 6 Star Trek episodes

If the only jokes you receive are through e-mail

If your wrist watch has more computing power than a 486DX-50

If your idea of good interpersonal communication means getting the
decimal point in the right place

If you look forward to Christmas only to put together the kids' toys

If you use a CAD package to design your son's Pine Wood Derby car

If you have used coat hangers and duct tape for something other than
hanging coats and taping ducts

If, at Christmas, it goes without saying that you will be the one to
find the burnt-out bulb in the string

If you window shop at Radio Shack

If your ideal evening consists of fast-forwarding through the latest
sci-fi movie looking for technical inaccuracies

If you have "Dilbert" comics displayed anywhere in your work area

If you carry on a one-hour debate over the expected results of a test
that actually takes five minutes to run

If you are convinced you can build a phazer out of your garage door
opener and your camera's flash attachment

If you don't even know where the cover to your personal computer is

If you have modified your can-opener to be microprocessor driven

If you know the direction the water swirls when you flush

If you own "Official Star Trek" anything

If you have ever taken the back off your TV just to see what's inside

If a team of you and your co-workers have set out to modify the antenna
on the radio in your work area for better reception

If you thought the concoction ET used to phone home was stupid

If you ever burned down the gymnasium with your Science Fair project

If you are currently gathering the components to build your own nuclear
reactor

If you own one or more white short-sleeve dress shirts

If you have never backed-up your hard drive

If you are aware that computers are actually only good for playing games,
but are afraid to say it out loud

If you truly believe aliens are living among us

If you have ever saved the power cord from a broken appliance

If you have ever purchased an electronic appliance "as-is"

If you see a good design and still have to change it

If the salespeople at Dick Smiths can't answer any of your questions

If you still own a slide rule and you know how to work it

If the thought that a CD could refer to finance or music never enters
your mind

If you own a set of itty-bitty screw drivers, but you don't remember
where they are

If you rotate your screen savers more frequently than your automobile
tires

If you have a functioning home copier machine, but every toaster you
own turns bread into charcoal

If you have more toys than your kids

If you need a checklist to turn on the TV

If you have introduced your kids by the wrong name

If your wife thinks your taste in ties is bizarre

If you have a habit of destroying things in order to see how they work

If your I.Q. number is bigger than your weight

If the microphone or visual aids at a meeting don't work and you rush
up to the front to fix it

If you can remember 7 computer passwords but not your anniversary

If you have memorized the program schedule for the Discovery channel
and have seen most of the shows already

If you have ever owned a calculator with no equal key and know what RPN
stands for

If your father sat 2 inches in front of your family's first color TV
with a magnifying lens to see how they made the colors, and you grew up
thinking that was normal

If you know how to take the cover off of your computer, and what size
screw driver to use

If you can type 70 words a minute but can't read your own handwriting

If people groan at the party when you pick out the music

If you can't remember where you parked your car for the 3rd time this week

If people hound you for pocket protectors at Halloween time

If you did the sound system for your senior prom

If your checkbook always balances

If your girlfriend says the way you dress is no reflection on her

If your wristwatch has more buttons than a telephone

If you have more friends on the Internet than in real life

If you thought the real heroes of "Apollo 13" were the mission controllers

If you think your computer looks better without the cover

If you think that when people around you yawn, its because they didn't
get enough sleep

If your wife hasn't the foggiest idea what you do at work

If you spend more on your home computer than your car

If you know what http:/ stands for

If you've ever tried to repair a $5.00 radio

If you have a neatly sorted collection of old bolts and nuts in your
garage

If your favorite part of the 6 o clock news is comparing their latest
satellite weather picture with yours

If your three year old son asks why the sky is blue and you try to
explain atmospheric absorption theory

If your lap-top computer costs more than your car

If your 4 basic food groups are: 1. Caffeine 2. Fat 3. Sugar  4.
Chocolate

(|-)    Chinese
(|-(    Chinese and doesn't like these kind of jokes
C=:-)   chef
8=:-)   chef
*<:-)   wearing a Santa Claus Hat
(8-o    Its Mr. Bill!
*:o)    And Bozo the Clown!
E-:-)   Ham radio operator
[:-)    wearing a walkman
(:-I    a dunce
@:-)    wearing a turban
(-:|:-) Siamese twins
        the invisible man
:-#|    bushy mustache
(:-)    smiley big-face
):-)    smiley big-face
):-(    unsmiley big-face
)8-)    scuba smiley big-face
 :^# )  mega-smiley: updrafted bushy-mustached pointy nosed smiley with a
        double-chin
~~:-(   net.flame
8 :-I   net.unix-wizards
E-:-I   net.ham-radio
:-)X    bow tie
3:o[    net.pets
:-d~    smokes heavily
Q:-)    a new grad
M:-)    saluting (symbol of respect)
=):-)   Uncle Sam
=|:-)   Abe Lincoln
4:-)    George Washington
5:-)    Elvis Presley
7:-)    Fred Flintstone

 Originally from Dave Coble
:/7)    Cyrano de Bergerac
>:*)    Bozo the Clown
#:o+=   Betty Boop
_:^)    an Indian
)>-O->  Gen. Custer
8(:-)   Walt Disney
):^(    a headhunter (Amazon style)
-=#:-)  has wizard status
(:  (=| is going to be a ghost for Halloween.
=:-H    plays for NFL
(V)=|   a pacman champion
M-),:X),:-M  sees no evil, hears no evil, speaks no evil
C):-O
C):-O
C):-O
C):-O   a barbershop quartet
):-(    is sick and tired of reading this nonsense
L:-)    just graduated
B-)-[<  is wearing sunglasses and swimming trunk
:-(O)   is yelling
(:-)    has no hair
:-)))   is very overweight
|:-)    has heavy eyebrows
(:-)    has new hair style
(:-()   has new hair style, mustache and beard
C:-)    has large brain capacity
|:-|    is excessively rigid
._)     suffers from Lorentz contractions
:-G-    smokes cigarettes
:-p~    smokes heavily
\:-)    wears a french hat
]:->    is The Devil
:(()    is an African tribesman
(:-)    is a Vietnamese peasant
        (unlikely)

 Originally from Dave Coble
[Friday I sent in part 1.  Saturday I sent part 2.  Part 1 hadn't shown up
so yesterday I sent part 1 a second time.  Just now I got a machine
message that Friday's attempt is still hung up somewhere after three days
and that it's going to keep trying for five more days and then quit.  So
you may see part 1 again. Or maybe not.]

                                   * * *

     S M I L E Y   A N I M A L S

8)      frog
B)      frog who is wearing sunglasses
8P      bullfrog and its mating season
8b      ditto
|)      salamander
:8)     pig
3:-o    cow
pp#     cow II
pq`#'   bull
:3-<    dog
\/     duck
.\/     duck II
:V      woodpecker
~~~~8   snake
^..^    cat
 .      elephant
 `\
  )     Cheshire cat.

        N O N - S M I L E Y S

@=      for messages dealing with nuclear war.
o>-<|=  for messages of interest only to women.
~=      a candle, to annotate flaming messages.
oo      for somebody's head-lights are on messages.
:-      Male
)-      Female
o/      raised hand
\o/     PTL (praise the lord, or pass the loot?)
_\\//   Vulcan salute
( o ) ( o )   hooters
  ___
 /   \
| RIP |
|_____| from someone who is dead
-------

         M I S C E L L A N Y

Some people on America Online are using unrotated smileys:

^L^     happy
^(^     happy II
@l@     too many hours at terminal
*L*     blotto
^)^ ^(^ two people talking

 Originally from Dave Coble
        Three brothers decided to start a cattle ranch but could not think
of a good name for it.  Finally they wired their father for a suggestion.
He wired back, saying the ranch should be called "Focus."  Because that's
where the sons raise meat.


 .-]     CIS User has one eye
 .-)    CIS User has one eye
 :-]    Smiley blockhead
 :-%    CIS User has beard
 :-o    CIS User singing national anthem
 :-t    CIS User is cross
 :-(    Drama
 :-)    Comedy
 :-?    CIS User is smoking a pipe
 :-=)   Older user with mustache
 :-\    Undecided user
 :-p    CIS User is sticking their tongue out (at you!)
 :-)'   CIS User tends to drool
 :-'|   CIS User has a cold
 :-)8   CIS User is well dressed
 :-D    CIS User talks too much
 :-#    CIS User's lips are sealed.
 :-o    CIS User is shocked
 :-*    CIS User just ate a sour pickle
 :-s    CIS User after a BIZARRE comment
 :-o    CIS User is surprised
 :-{    CIS User has a mustache
 :-|    No expression face, 'that comment doesn't phase me'
 :-%    CIS User has beard.
 :-&    CIS User which is tongue-tied
 :-9    CIS User licking it's lips
 :-(    Sad
 :-*    CIS User after eating something bitter
 :->    Hey hey
 :-X    CIS User is wearing a bow tie
 :-6    CIS User after eating something sour
 :-0    CIS User is an orator
 :-7    CIS User after a wry statement
 :-#|   CIS User with bushy mustache
 :-@    CIS User face screaming
 :-%    CIS User is a banker
 :-}    CIS User wears lipstick
 :-)    Humor (or smiley)
 :-v    Talking head Smiley
 :-x    "my lips are sealed" Smiley
 :-|    "have an ordinary day" Smiley
 :-e    Disappointed Smiley
 :-<    Real sad Smiley
 :-I    Hmm
 :-(    Boo hoo

 Originally from: VINOD BAMALWA <vinod.bamalwa@f3.n606.z6.fidonet.org>
Tell a man there are 400 billion stars...he'll believe you.
Tell him a bench has wet paint...he has to touch it.

The problem with being the first one into work in the morning is
that there is no one to appreciate it.

                     * * *

 :-8(   Condescending stare
 :-#    CIS User's lips are sealed.
 :-O    Uh oh
 :-Q    Smoker
 ::-)   CIS User wears glasses
 :<|    CIS User attends an Ivy League school
 :>     Midget Smiley
 :>)    CIS User has a big nose
 :%)%   CIS User has acne
 :~)    CIS User's face needs a nosejob, no explanation necessary
 :n)    CIS User with funny-looking right nose
 :u)    CIS User with funny-looking left nose
 ;-)    Winking Smiley
 '-)    CIS User only has a left eye, which is closed
 (-:    CIS User is left-handed
 (-)    CIS User needing a haircut
 (:-)   Smiley big-face
 (:-(   unSmiley frowning
 (:I    Egghead
 ):-(   UnSmiley big-face
 {:-)   Smiley with its hair parted in the middle
 {(:-)  CIS User is wearing toupee.
 }(:-(  CIS User, wearing toupee in wind.
 +-(:-) CIS User is the pope
 +:-)   Smiley priest
 ,-}    Wry and winking *<|:-) CIS User is Santa Claus (Ho Ho Ho)
 <:I    Dunce
 <|-)=  CIS User is chinese
 >:-<   Mad
 %-)    CIS User is cross-eyed
 #-)    CIS User partied all night
 @:I    Turban
 |-)    Hee hee
 |-D    Ho ho
 |-)    CIS User is asleep (boredom)
 |-P    Yuk
 0-)    CIS User wearing scuba mask
 8-)    CIS User wears glasses
 8-|    Suspense
 8:-)   Glasses on forehead
 B-)    Horn-rims
 B-|    CIS User is wearing cheap sunglasses
 g-)    Smiley with ponce-nez glasses
 P-)    CIS User is getting fresh

 Originally from: VINOD BAMALWA <vinod.bamalwa@f3.n606.z6.fidonet.org>

FYA (for your amusement) -- Mike
_____________________

By Gregory Miller
Inherent Technologies, Inc.

Long ago, in the days when all disks flopped in the breeze and the
writing of words was on a star, the Blue Giant dug for the people
the Pea Sea. But he needed a creature who could sail the waters, and
would need for support but few rams.

So the Gateskeeper, who was said to be both micro and soft,
fashioned a Dosfish, which was small and spry, and could swim the
narrow sixteen-bit channel. But the Dosfish was not bright, and
could be taught few new tricks. His alphabet had no As, Bs, or Qs,
and only a mere 640 Ks, and the size of his file cabinet was limited
by his own fat.

At first the people loved the Dosfish, as he was the only one who
could swim the Pea Sea. But the people soon grew tired of commanding
his line, and complained that he could be neither dragged nor
dropped. "Gadzooks!" cried they. "The Dosfish can do only one job at
a time, and of names, he knows but eight and three!" And many of
them left the Pea Sea for good, going off to search for the Magic
Apple.

Although many went, far more stayed because admittance to the Pea
Sea was cheap. So the Gateskeeper studied the Magic Apple, and
rested awhile in the Parc of Xer-Ox, whereupon he fashioned a Window
that could ride on the Dosfish and do the thinking for it. But the
Window was slow, and it would break when the Dosfish got confused.
So most people resigned themselves to the Dosfish.

Now it came to pass that the Blue Giant visited the Gateskeeper,
and spake thus: "Come, let us make of ourselves something greater
than the Dosfish." The Blue Giant seemed like a humbug, so they
called the new creature Oz II.

Now Oz II was smarter than the Dosfish (as most things are). It
could drag and drop and keep files without becoming fat. But the
people cared for it not. So the Blue Giant and the Gateskeeper
promised another Oz II, to be called Oz II Too, that could swim the
fast, new, 32-bit wide Pea Sea.

But lo! A strange miracle occurred. Although the Window that rode
on the Dosfish was slow, it was pretty, and the third Window was the
prettiest. And the people began to like this third Window, and to
use it. So the Gateskeeper turned to the Blue Giant and said, "Fie
on thee, for I need thee not. Keep thy OZ II Too, and I shall make
of my Window an Entity that will not need the Dosfish, and will swim
in the 32-bit Pea Sea."

Years passed, and the workshops of the Gateskeeper and the Blue
Giant were overrun by many insects. And the people went on using
their Dosfish with a Window. And, even though the Dosfish would,
from time to time, become confused and die, it could always be
revived with three fingers.

Then came the day when the Blue Giant unleashed his OZ II Too onto
the world. The Oz II Too was indeed mighty, and awesome, and
required a great ram, but the world was changed not a whit. For the
people said, "It is indeed great, but we see little application for
it." And they were doubtful, because the Blue
Giant had met with the Magic Apple, and together they were
fashioning a Taligent, and the Taligent was made of objects, and was
most pink.

Now the Gateskeeper had grown ambitious, and as he had been
ambitious before he grew, he was now more ambitious still. So he
protected his Window Entity with great security, and made its net
work both in serving and with peers. And the Entity would swim, not
only in the Pea Sea, but in the Oceans of Great Risk. "Yea,"
declared the Gateskeeper, "though my entity will require a greater
ram than Oz II Too, it will be more powerful than a world of
Eunuchs!"

And so the Gateskeeper prepared to unleash his Entity to the world,
in all but two cities. For he promised that a greater Window, a
greater Entity, and an even greater Dosfish would appear one day in
Chicago and Cairo, and it, too, would be built of objects.

Now the Eunuchs who lived in the Oceans of Great Risk, and who
scorned the Pea Sea, began to look upon their world with fear.  For
the Pea Sea had grown, and great ships were sailing in it. The
Entity was about to invade their oceans, and it was rumored that
files would be named in letters beyond eight. And the Eunuchs looked
upon the Pea Sea, and many of them thought to immigrate.

Within the Oceans of Great Risk were many Sun Worshippers, and they
wanted to excel, and make their words perfect, and do their jobs as
easy as one-two-three. And what's more, many of them no longer
wanted to pay for the Risk. So the Sun Lord went to the Pea Sea. and
got himself eighty-sixed.

And, taking the next step, was He of the NextStep, who had given up
building his boxes of black. And he proclaimed loudly that he could
help anyone make wondrous soft wares, then admitted meekly that
only those who know him could use those wares, and he was made of
objects, and required the biggest ram of all.

And the people looked out upon the Pea Sea, and they were sore
amazed. And sore confused. And sore sore. And that is why, to this
day, Ozzes, Entities, and Eunuchs battle on the shores of the Pea
Sea but the people still travel on the simple Dosfish.


Subj:   First Aid

FIRST AID FOR NON-MEDICALLY MINDED PERSONS
------------------------------------------

Electrocution
-------------
Is he/she still connected to the power supply? If so, SWITCH OFF THE
POWER IMMEDIATELY. Electricity costs an absolute fortune, and it
would be going to waste.

Check the victims pulse, (if you can find their wrist amongst the stack
of charred bones and greasy, bubbling flesh that was once a human
being). And do try not to be squeamish about it.
Drive the victim to the nearest casualty ward. You can use him/her to
jumpstart the engine as well if need be.

Treating burns and scalds
-------------------------
Run the affected area under a cold tap as soon as possible. (N.B. If
the victim's entire body is a swirling mass of flames it may a little
too late for this).

If the victim has spilt hot liquid over his/her clothes, then REMOVE
CLOTHING IMMEDIATELY. You can never tell, the sight of you parading
around naked may cheer them up and take their mind off their injury.
Remind the victim that worse things happen at sea. Cite drowning as
an example.

Fractures and broken limbs
--------------------------
Check the injured area to see if the break or fracture has resulted in
a tubular shard of shearing white bone jutting outwards through the
bloody mass of flesh. If it has, then tell the victim that they are
going to die. That always puts the wind up them.

Tie a splint to the victims leg and ask them to walk up and down for
a few minutes. They will probably fall down unconscious, making the
rest of your job easier.

Do not move the broken or fractured limb as this may result in an
abnormal position. However, if you're feeling daring, try pointing
legs in the wrong direction, bending wrists through 180 degrees, etc.
It really is amazing the number of fascinating contortions you can
produce. Far better than Play-Doh.

Choking On Food
---------------
Try to dislodge the article blocking the victims windpipe by punching
them hard in the stomach. Do remember to duck before the particles of
food hit you in the eye, however.

Call the waiter and ask for a 20 percent reduction on the bill.
Make a mental note to order soup next time.

Cuts And Wounds
---------------
Dress the wound, whatever that means.
Try and limit the blood loss by tying a tourniquet tightly around the
victims throat unit they experience difficulty in breathing.
Ha ha, only kidding. Tie the tourniquet just above the wound. Just my
little joke.

Stitch up the wound with aluminium wire.
Ha ha! Caught you again! Outsmarted you! Still, I am an expert, you know.

Objects Stuck In The Eye
------------------------
Rinse the victims eye in lukewarm water. DO NOT USE SOAP AS WELL, IDIOT.
Offer to pick the object out of the victims eye with your teeth. This
usually results in the object mysteriously "going away" and not bothering
the victim any more before you can get to it.

Concussion
----------
When the victim comes round, ask them what day it is, who the President
is, how many fingers you are holding up. To make it more
difficult, hold the fingers up behind your back. Then total up the
victims score and send it to me at this address:
Concussion Quiz, P.O. Box 1302, Minnetonka, MN  55345,
the highest score wins a mystery prize.

Talk in Swahili to disorientate the victim a bit more. Yes, there's a
whole bundle of laughs when it comes to concussion.
Here's a good one: before the victim comes round, switch off all the
lights. When he/she regains consciousness, shout "Thank God! We thought
you might be dead, or blinded or something.



---
* TLX 4.0 *  Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.


Every Titanic has its iceberg.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
What's tennis without a racket?
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Insanity is hereditary, - You get it from your children.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
An honest politician is one who, when bought, stays bought.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A rolling stone gathers momentum.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Gravity doesn't exist:  the earth sucks.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
What's the most popular form of birth control?  The headache.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Clean mind, clean body:  take your pick.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
What's black and white and red all over?  An embarassed zebra.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
What's black and white and red all over?  Certainly not the Halifax newspapers.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Ancient Chinese Curse:	May you live in interesting times.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Ancient Chinese Curse:	May all your wishes be granted.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Ahhhhhhhh, I forget what I was going to say.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Organization is the enemy of improvisation.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Familiarity breeds.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A good memory does not equal pale ink.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He flung himself on his horse and rode madly off in all directions.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
On a clear disk you can seek forever.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Opening night:	the night before the play is ready to open.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I did it!  I found the program's last bug bug bug bug bug bug bug bug bug
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
La vache qui rit est jolie. (Laughing cows are pretty.)
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
On y soit, qui mal y pense. (You are what you think.)
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Wer zuletzt lacht, lacht am besten.  (He who laughs last laughs best.)
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He who laughs last probably doesn't understand the joke.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
C'est la vie.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
As a goatherd learns his trade by goat, so a writer learns his trade by wrote.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The system is not quite as rickety as I have been telling you.	-Ralph Gorin.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
This place is so weird that the cockroaches have moved next door.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
!lanimret siht edisni deppart ma I !pleH
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Sometimes I sits and thinks, and sometimes I just sits.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
"Oh frabjous day, calloo, callay" he chortled in his joy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Let him who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
To study a subject best, understand it thoroughly before you start.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
And so we plow along, as the fly said to the ox.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Crittendon's 14th application of Murphy's First Law:  You cannot successfully
determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Ginsberg's Theorems:  1) You can't win.  2) You can't break even.  3) You can't
even quit the game.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Weiler's Law:  Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it
himself.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Chisolm's Third Law, Corollary 3:  Procedures designed to implement the purpose
won't quite work.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
O'Toole's Commentary on Murphy's Laws:  Murphy was an optimist.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Sevareid's Law:  The chief cause of problems is solutions.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If at first you don't succeed, try something else.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Kitman's Law:  Pure drivel tends to drive away ordinary drivel.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Sattinger's Law:  It works better if you plug it in.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Osborn's Law:  Variables won't; constants aren't.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The Law of Selective Gravity (The Buttered Side Down Law):  An object will fall
so as to do the most damage.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Interch....  angable devices won't.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
In case of doubt, make it sound convincing.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Zymurgy's First Law of Evolving System Dynamics:  Once you open a can of worms,
the only way to recan them is to use a larger can.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Anthony's Law of Force:  Don't force it, get a larger hammer.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Any given program, once running, is obsolete.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You can lead a horse to water, but if you can get him to float on his back
you've got something.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If at first you don't succeed, transform your data set.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
How sharper than a serpent's tooth it is to have a thankless hound.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Then rested he by the tumtum tree, and stood awhile in thought.  And as in
uffish thought he stood.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Westheimer's Time Estimation Rule:  Estimate the time you think it should take,
multiply by 2, add 3, and change the unit of measure to the next higher unit.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Westheimer's Time Estimation Rule:  Estimate the time you think it should take,
multiply by 2, and add 3, indpendent of the units of time.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A thing not worth doing isn't worth doing well.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I don't know, ask Cathy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Bye's First Law of Model Railroading:  Anytime you wish to demonstrate
something, the number of faults encountered is proportional to the number of
viewers.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Wolfgang's Third Law:  It can't work.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Don's Axiom:  When all else fails, read the instructions.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Si six scies scient six saucissions, six cent six scies scieront six cent six
saucissions.  (If 6 saws saw 6 sausages, 606 saws will saw 606 sausages.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Un chasseur sachant chasser chasse sans son chien.  (A hunter who knows how to
hunt hunts without his dog.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Ton the' t'a-t'il ote' ton toux?..  (Did the tea cure your cough?)
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Dinon dina, dit on, du dos dodu d'un dodu dindon.  (Dindon dined, said he, on
the fat back of a fat turkey.)
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Qui trop embrasse mal entreint.  (Grab much, gain little.)
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Quien mucho abarca poco aprieta.  (Grab much, gain little.)
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Un tien vaut miex que deux tu l'auras.  (A bird in the hand is worth two in the
bush.)
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
First Law of Advice:  The correct advice is to give the advice that is desired.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Third Law of Advice:  Simple advice is the best advice.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If you put your supper dish to your ear you can hear the sounds of a restaurant.
-- Snoopy
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There is nothing worse than being peerless in a peer-review system.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Alia jacta est.  (The die is cast.) --Julius Caesar after crossing the Rubicon
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If little else, the brain is an educational toy.  -- Tom Robbins
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Oh, what tangled webs we weave.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
When we first practice to deceive.  -- Sir Walter Scott
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
When in darkness or in doubt, Run in circles, scream and shout.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The Fourth Law of Computing:  On a slow day, you can wait forever.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Sweer's Impossibility Theorem:  Nothing can be both completely general and
internally consistent at the same time.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Swap read error, you lose your core image.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Murphy's First Law:  Nothing is as easy as it looks.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Murphy's Second Law:  Everything takes longer than you think.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Murphy's Third Law:  Anything that can go wrong will go wrong, and at the worst
possible time.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Murphy's Fourth Law:  If there is a possibility of several things going wrong,
the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Murphy's Fifth Law:  If anything just cannot go wrong, it will anyway.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Murphy's Seventh Law:  Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Murphy's Eighth Law:  If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously
overlooked something.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Chisolm's Third Law, Corollary 1:  If you explain so clearly that no one can
misunderstand, somebody will.
((---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Chisolm's Third Law, Corollary 2:  If you do something which you are sure will
meet with everyone's approval, somebody won't like it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Crane's Law:  There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Law of Communications:	The result of improved and enlarged communications is a
vastly increased area of misunderstanding.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Lord Falkland's Rule:  When it is not necessary to make a decision, it is
necessary not to make a decision.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Jones' Motto:  Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Gumperson's Law:  The probability of anything happening is inversely
proportional to its desirability.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The usefulness of a meeting is inversely proportional to its attendance.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The Peter Principle:  In every hierarchy, each employee tends to rise to his
level of incompetence; every post tends to be filled by an employee incompetent
to execute its duties.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Incompetence knows no barriers of time or place.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Parkinson's First Law:  Work expands to fill the time available for its
completion.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Parkinson's Second Law:  Expenditures rise to meet income.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Shanahan's Law:  The length of a meeting rises with the square of the number of
people present.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Zymurgy,s Seventh Exception to Murphy's Laws:  When it rains it pours.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Internal consistency is more highly valued than efficiency.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Jenkinson's Law:  - It won't work.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The DREA Law:  Under the most rigorously controlled conditions, the experimental
apparatus will do exactly as it pleases.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Skip's Lament:  Given any problem containing N equations, There will be n+1
unknowns.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Finagle's First Law:  If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Finagle's Fourth Law:  Once a job is messed up, anything done to improve it
makes it worse.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Always draw your curves then plot the readings.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Experiments should be reproducable, - they should all fail in the same way.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Do not believe in miracles -- rely on them.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
When working toward the solution of a problem, it always helps if you know the
answer.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Any given program, once running, is obsolete.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Any given program will expand to fill all available resources.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of the programmer who
must maintain it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It is morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Small change can often be found under seat cushions.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Never try to outstubborn a cat.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Anything free is worth what you pay for it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Cheops' Law:  Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Carelessly planned projects take three times longer to complete than expected;
carefully planned projects only twice as long.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Wynne's Law:  Negative slack tends to increase.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Boren's Law:  When in doubt, mumble.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Q's Law:  No matter what stage of completion one reaches in a project, the cost
of the remainder of the project remains constant.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
EUREKA!
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the soul of genius.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You can't plant me in your penthouse, I'm going back to my plow.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It is a poor workman who blames his tools.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I ain't broke, but I'm badly bent.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Jargon is used as a means of succeeding by not simplifying.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If computers take over (which seems to be their natural tendency), it will serve
us right.  -- Alistair Cooke.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The six steps in a project:  1) Unbounded enthusiasm 2) Total disillusionment 3)
PANIC!!  4) Frantic search for the guilty 5) Punishment of the innocent 6)
Promotion of the uninvolved.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Lost interest?	It's so bad I've lost apathy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The greatest programming project of all took six days; on the seventh day the
programmer rested.  We've been trying to debug the blinking thing ever since.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Moral:	design before you implement.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Two wrongs do not make a right:  it usually takes three or more.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A gift of flowers will soon be made to you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A guy has to get fresh once in a while so the girl doesn't lose her confidence.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A king's castle is his home.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A lie in time saves nine.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A man without a God is like a fish without a bicycle.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A present, over which you will shed tears of joy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A stitch in time saves nine.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a Unicorn.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
A wise man can see more from a the bottom of a well than a fool can from a
mountain top.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Be self-reliant and your success is assured.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Beauty seldom recommends one woman to another.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Bedfellows make strange politicians.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Behind every argument is someone's ignorance.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.	-- Mae West.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.  - Thoreau.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Beware of friends who are false and deceitful.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
By following the good, you learn to be good.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Cheap things are of no value, valuable things are not cheap.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the school of genius.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Courage is your greatest present need.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Creditors have much better memories than debtors.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Do not clog intellect's sluices with knowledge of questionable uses.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac, you can always take something for it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Draw your salary before spending it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Economy makes men independent.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Enjoy your life; be pleasant and gay, like the birds in May.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Even the boldest zebra fears the hungry lion.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Even the smallest candle burns brighter in the dark.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Every purchase has its price.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Everyone complains of his memory, no one of his judgment.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Everything bows to success, even grammar.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
For people who like that kind of book, that is the kind of book they will like.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Fortune truly helps those who are of good judgment.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
God gives us relatives; thank God we can chose our friends.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Good health will be yours for a long time.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Happiness is just an illusion, filled with sadness and confusion.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He thinks he could easily win your heart.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He thinks that he could easily win your heart.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with two eyes.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He who falls in love with himself will have no rivals.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
He who laughs last probably doesn't understand the joke.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
His life was formal; his actions seemed ruled with a ruler.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
History books which contain no lies are extremely dull.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
How many "coming men" has one known!  Where on earth do they all go to?
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
How sharper than a hound's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
How you look depends on where you go.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I despise the pleasure of pleasing people whom I despise.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I don't remember ever having had the itch, and yet scratching is one of nature's
sweet pleasures, and so handy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I fear explanations explanatory of things explained.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I like work; it fascinates me; I can sit and look at it for hours.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I must have slipped a disk - my pack hurts.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I never fail to convice an audience that the best thing they could do was to go
away.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Idleness is the holiday of fools.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If you always postpone pleasure you will never have it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Quit work and play for once.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If you continually give you will continually have.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If you make a mistake you right it immediately to the best of your ability.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; but if you really
make them think they'll hate you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If you suspect a man, don't employ him.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If you wish, You will have an opportunity.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
If you would keep a secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It is Fortune, not wisdom that rules man's life.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It is easier to run down a hill than up one.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It takes both a weapon, and two people, to commit a murder.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It's clever, but is it art?
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It's sweet to be remembered, but it's often cheaper to be forgotten.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Lawrence Radiation Laboratory keeps all its data in an old gray trunk.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Let he who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Let's just be friends and make no special effort to ever see each other again.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Life is like an onion:	you peel off layer after layer, then you find there is
nothing in it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Lonely is a man without love.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Lonely men seek companionship.	Lonely women sit at home and wait.  They never
meet.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Love is in the offing.	Be affectionate to one who adores you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Love is sentimental measles.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Love the sea?  I dote upon it - from the beach.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Make a wish, it might come true.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Make new friends but keep the old ones; one is silver and the other's gold.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Man and wife make one fool.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Many a family tree needs trimming.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket bibles which are on very very
thin paper.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.  -- VOLTAIRE..
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Matrimony is the root of all evil.
(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Men seldom show dimples to girls who have pimples.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Might as well be frank, monsieur.  It would take a miracle to get you out of
Casablanca.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Misster, do you vant to buy a duck.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Mistakes are oft the stepping stones to failure.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Money cannot buy love, nor even friendship.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Money may buy friendship but money cannot buy love.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Money will say more in one moment than the most eloquent lover can in years.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
My cup hath runneth'd over with love.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life
there.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Never call a man a fool; borrow from him.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Never drink from your finger bowl - it contains only water.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Never say you know a man until you have divided an inheritance with him.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Nice guys get sick.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
No doubt Jack the Ripper excused himself on the grounds that it was human
nature.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Often statistics are used as a drunken man uses lampposts for support rather
than illumination.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Old men are fond of giving good advice to console themselves for their inability
to give bad examples.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
One family builds a wall, two families enjoy it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Only someone with nothing to be sorry for smiles back at the rear of an
elephant.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Ours is a world where people don't know what they want and are willing to go
through hell to get it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
People who have no faults are terrible; there is no way of taking advantage of
them.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Preserve the old, but know the new.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Publishing a volume of verse is like dropping a rose petal down the Grand Canyon
and waiting for the echo.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Put your trust in those who are worthy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Raising pet electric eels is gaining a lot of current popularity.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Recent investments will yield a slight profit.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Reputation:  what others are not thinking about you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Satire does not look pretty upon a tombstone.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Satire is what closes in New Haven.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Share your happiness with others today.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
She's learned to say things with her eyes that others waste time putting into
words.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Show your affection, which will probably meet with pleasant response.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Some men are discovered; others are found out.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Some rise by sin and some by virtue fall.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
omeone is speaking well of you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Someone is unenthusiastic about your work.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Stop searching forever.  Happiness is just next to you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Stop searching forever.  Happiness is unattainable.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Swap read error.  You lose your mind.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
THE PROGRAMMERS' CHEER?  - SHIFT TO THE LEFT, SHIFT TO THE RIGHT!  POP UP, PUSH
DOWN, BYTE, BYTE, BYTE!
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
That must be wonderful!  I dont understand it at all.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains because the average man
can see better than he can think.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The best prophet of the future is the past.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The days just prior to marriage are like a snappy introduction to a tedious
book.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The gent who wakes up and finds himself a success hasn't been asleep.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The hardest thing is to disguise your feelings when you put a lot of relatives
on the train for home.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The heart is wiser than the intellect.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The light of a hundred stars does not equal the light of the moon.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The only rose without thorns is friendship.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The person you rejected yesterday could make you happy, if you say yes .
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The plural of spouse is spice.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
he rich get rich, and the poor get poorer.  The haves get more, the have-nots
die.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The star of riches is shining upon you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The time is right to make new friends.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The universe is laughing behind your back.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The weed of crime bears bitter fruit.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There are few people more often in the wrong than those who cannot endure to be
thought so.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There are many people today who literally do not have a close personal friend.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There are three things I have always loved and never understood art, music, and
women.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There is always someone worse off than yourself.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There's at least one fool in every married couple.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Think twice before speaking.  But don't say "think think click click".
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
This file will self-destruct in five minutes.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Those of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
To criticize the incompetent is easy; it is more difficult to criticize the
competent.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
To do is to be - Nietzsche To be is to do - Sartre Do be do be do - Sinatra
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Nietzsche is pietzsche
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
To give happines is to deserve happiness.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
To keep your friends treat them kindly; to kill them, treat them often.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
To refuse praise is to seek praise twice.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
To save a single life is better than to build a seven story pagoda.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
True happiness will be found only in true love.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
We prefer to speak evil of ourselves than not speak of ourselves at all.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
We promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
We read to say that we have read.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
What makes us so bitter against people who outwit us is that they think
themselves cleverer than we are.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
What no spouse of a writer can ever understand is that a writer is working when
he's staring out the window.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
What orators lack in depth they make up in length.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
What passes for woman's intuition is often nothing more than man's transparency.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
What this country needs is a dime that will buy a good five-cent bagel.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
When God endowed human beings with brains, He did not intend to guarantee them.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
When the wind is great, bow before it; when the wind is heavy, yield to it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
hen you become used to never being alone, you may consider yourself
Americanized.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
When you go out to buy, don't show your silver.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Whenever I feel like exercise, I lie down until the feeling passes.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to avoid
responsibility?
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Without fools there would be no wisdom.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Words are the voice of the heart.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Words must be weighed, not counted.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Worth seeing?  Yes, but not worth going to see.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are a bundle of energy always on the go.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are always busy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are capable of planning your future.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are fairminded, just and loving.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are going to have a new love affair.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are heading for a land of sunshine.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are magnetic in your bearing.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are secretive in your dealings but never to the extent of trickery .
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are standing on my toes.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You are tricky, but never to the point of dishonesty.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You can do very well in speculation where land or anything to do with earth is
concerned.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You cannot propel youself forward by patting yourself on the back.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You enjoy the company of other people.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have a strong desire for a home.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have a truly strong individuality.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have an unusual equipment for success.  Be sure to use it properly .
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationship.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have been selected for a secret mission.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have many friends and very few enemies.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You need not worry about your future.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You prefer the company of the opposite sex, but are well liked by your own.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be awarded some great honor.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be married within a year.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be singled out for promotion in your work.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be successful in love.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be surrounded by luxury.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will engage in a profitable business activity.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will have long and healthy life.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will never know hunger.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will step on the soil of many countries.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will triumph over your enemy.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your business will assume vast proportions.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your domestic life may be harmonious.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your lover will never wish to leave you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your mind understands what you have been taught; your heart, what is true.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of new developments.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your own qualities will help prevent your advancement in the world.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your present plans will be successful.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinment.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Your temporary financial embarassment will be relieved in a surprising manner.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Youth had been a habit of hers so long that she could not part with it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
eHpl !	Imat arppdei sndi eht eED-C20..
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
As expected, the victorious candidate in a particularly dirty recent political
campaign, won by a mudslide.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Corollary:
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
There is an infinite number of describable functions, which are not effectively
computable.  N.  Jones - "Computability Theory" Note:  This contradicts the oft
stated maxim "If a function can be defined, it can be programmed".
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Basic research is what I am doing when - I don't know what I am doing.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Success isn't how far you got, but the distance you travelled from where you
started.
(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
The biggest mistake that you can make is to believe that you are working for
somebody else.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Monday is a hard way to spend one-seventh of your life.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Pros are people who do jobs well even when they don't feel like it.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Next to surviving an earthquake, nothing is quite so satisfying as as receiving
a income tax refund.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
An authority is somebody who can tell you more about something than you really
care to know.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Running a business is about 95% people and 5% economics.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Patience is something that you admire greatly in the driver behind you but not
in the one ahead of you.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
It's always easy to see both sides of an issue we are not particularly concerned
about.
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
Why can't lifes's big problems come when we are twenty and know everything ?
<(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
When you try to make an impression, the chances are that that is the impression
you will make.
(---------------------------------------------------------------------)>
When you save for a long time to buy something, then you find that you can't
afford it -.  that's inflation.  You are the only person ever to get this
message.
Call The Works BBS - 1600+ Textfiles! - [914]/238-8195 - 300/1200 - Always Open


More from "Merde! et Merde, Encore!"
Today some (not so) useful sentences:
(remember, the more *'s the more rude)
1.  Oh, hell, I've totalled my old man's car.
    Oh, putain, j'ai boudille la bagnole de paternal. **
2.  That kid's a real pain in the ass.
    Elle est chiante, cette mome. **
3.  What the hell are you doing?
    Qu'est-ce que tu fous? **
4.  This dog looks rabid; it scares the hell out of me.
    Ce klebs a l'air enrage; il me fout la trouille. **
5.  Go on, beat it, you punks.
    Allez, foutez-moi le camp d'ici, bande de voyous

... I was bown in a cwossfiwe huwwicane-Jumpin Jack Fudd
". . evewy giwls cwazy 'bout a baldheaded man . ." - ZZ Fudd
"Ah'm just a singew in a wock and woll band" - Moody Fudds
"Jesus just weft Chicago, and he's bound for New Oweans" - ZZ Fudd
"Wide, Captain, Wide, on youw mystewy ship...." E.Fudd
". . . aww my wowdy fwiends have settwed down . . ." - Hank Fudd, Jr.
"Entew night, entew wight, off to nevew, nevew wand" * Fuddalica
" wunnin', *wunnin' with the devil*, cause I'm wunnin' " - Van Fudd
". my memowy has been sowd, my angew is a centewfowd!" - J. Fudd Band
"...She don't wide, she don't wide.......cocaine." * Elmer Clapton
". dweam weavew, I bewieve you can get me thwough ." - Elmew Wwight
"Swells wike teen spiwit" - Fuddwana
"Widdle miss widdle miss caaan't be wong..."-Fudd Doctors
"I just want to fowwwget you" - Kudd
Exit light,entew night,howdn my hand,off to nevew-nevew wand-Fuddalica
Thank God Almighty, I'm fwee at wast!  M. L. Fudd Jr.
". . . *hot*, *bwuuuuuue*, and *wiiiiiighteous* . . ." - ZZ Fudd
"Be vewy, vewy quiet. I'm hunting tagwines!"
"I didn't shoot Pwezident Kennedy!"  Fudd Harvey Oswald
"... the vetewan cosmic rockew" * Moody Fudds
"Knights in white satin, nevew weaching the end..." * Moody Fudds
". . . tip-toe thwough the tuwips . . ." - Tiny Fudd
(c) Copywight 1992 Elmer Fudd.  All wights wesewved.
"Wet it woll . down the highway!  Woll! ." - Bachman-Fudd Overdrive
"To Bwe or not to bwe, thwat wis the qwestion"  Fuddlet
"Joween": Dowwy Fudd
"I'w nevew be youw beast of buwden...."!Rolling Fudds
"A weal Amewican Hewo, GI Joe is thewe..." ! G.I. Elmer
I Woke up this mownin, and I got myself a beew"-The Fudds
"I weaw my sungwasses at night..." ! Cory Fudd
I'm a wocket mannnn . . . Elton Fudd
...Wollin', Wollin', Wollin' on a wivew.......- Tina Fudd
. . . thewe's a bad moon on de wise . . ." - Elmer Fudd Revival
"in the mowning to the awawm cwocks wawning" - Bachman-Fudd Overdrive
"Youw Ten Miwwion dowwar check couwd be in de maiw!" - Elmer McMahon
Come out wittle bunny wabbit (Blam) Gun controwl dat!
"Wolling, wolling, wolling, keep them doggies wolling" Frankie Fudd
"I know it's only wock and woll..." - Wolling Fudds
"Wemonaid, that kwool wefweshing dwink".... Eddie Murphy Elvis Fudd
"Aww we aww is dust in the wind...:!Fuddsas
Twansfowmews -- wobots in disguise!  Optimus Fudd
Way, waydy, Way, acwoss my big bwass bed. Bob "FUD" Dywan
"I know it's only wock and woll..." - Wolling Fudds
"It don't mattew if you're bwack or white" - Fudd Jackson
"...and the colowed giwl goes dotodoo todo do" - Lou Fudd
"Wock and Woll Hootchie-coo" - Wick Fuddingew
"Wockin' Wobin, tweet tweet, Wockin Wobin.." - Fuddson 5
". . . come on and take a fwee wide . . ." - Elmer Winters Group
"She's got a thing dat's cawwed . . wadaw wove." - Golden Fuddring
"We got a thing that's cawwed wadar wove..."!White Fudd
"We'we tiny, we'we toony, we'we aww a wittwl woony..."!Tiny Fudds
...just a sweet twasnvestite fwom Twansexual, Twansywvania!Fuddnfurter
"... the vetewan cosmic rockew" * Moody Fudds
". don't teww my heawt, my achy-bweaky heawt ." - Billy Ray Fudd
"stowmtwoopew's coming and you bettew get pwepawed" - Elmer Nugent
"I'ww be a foow fow youw loving no mowe"! Whitefudd
"Secwet Agent Man...they've given you a numbew..."!Johnny Fudders
"And He shaww weign fowevew and evew." - Georg Fudderick Handel
"Spwing Song" - Fuddix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy
"Jingwe Bewws" - J. Fudd Pierpont
"Hawk, the Hewawd Angews Sing" - Fuddix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy
"The Hebwides (Fingaw's Cave)" - Fuddix Mendelssohn-Bartholdy
"I Wove Thee" - EdFudd Grieg
"In the Haww Of the Mountain King" - EdFudd Grieg
"Finwandia" - Fudd Sibelius
"Piwgwims' Chowus" - RichFudd Wagner
"My Heawt Is Evew Faithfuw" - JoFudd Sebastian Bach
"Wuwwaby" - JoFuddes Brahms
"Sewenade" - Fudd Schubert
"The Mawwiage Of Figawo" - WolfFudd Amadeus Mozart
"By the Beautifuw Bwue Danube" - JoFudd Strauss, Jr.
"Wove Fow Thwee Owanges" - SerFudd Prokofiev
"Vocawise" - SerFudd Rachmaninov
Tuwkish Mawch" - Ludwig Fudd Beethoven
" . . . dis is just what de doctow owdewed!" - Elmer Nugent
". . . onwy the stwong suwvive . . ." - REO Fuddwagon
". . . Wock de boat, don't wock de boat, baby . . ." - The Fudd Corp.
"Tuwn, Tuwn, Tuwn"...Bachman-Fudd Overdrive
I need a lovew that won't dwive me cwazy - Elmer Cougar
...Dweam On, Dweam until youw dweams come twue!- AewoFudd
Stop dwaggin' my heawt awound... Stevie Fudds/Elmer Petty
I need a lovew that won't dwive me cwazy. Fudd Benataw
. . . wike pigs on de wing . . ." - Pink Fudd
" Bown fweeeee.... as fwee as the wind bwows ": Fuddy Williams 
Woxanne! you don't cawe if it's wwong ow it's wight.Wox..
. . . don't you know dat you awe a shooting staw . . ." Fudd Company
Geowgia, Geowgia, you'we awways on my mind . . ." - Ray Fudd
It bweaks my heawt to see those staws....Elmer Hyatt
... cest wa vie, when youw weaves aww tuwn to bwown-Emerson, Fudd & Palmer
...Smashing a pewfectwy goooood guitaw! Elmer Hyatt
Stop dwaggin' my heawt awound... Stevie Fudds/Elmer Petty
Shhh! be vewy quiet.  I'm hunting womulans.

Fun Things to do in an Elevator:

- Wave hands wildly at invisible flies buzzing around your head.
- Make race car noises when anyone gets on or off.
- Shave.
- Crack open your briefcase or purse, and while peering inside ask:
  "Got enough air in there?"
- Stand silent and motionless in the corner, facing the wall, without
  getting off.
- When arriving at your floor, grunt and strain to yank the doors
  open, then act embarrassed when they open by themselves.
- Greet everyone getting on the elevator with a warm handshake and ask
  them to call you Admiral.
- On the highest floor, hold the door open and demand that it stay open
  until you hear the penny you dropped down the shaft go "plink" at
  the bottom.
- Stare, grinning, at another passenger for a while, and then announce:
  "I've got new socks on!"
- When at least 8 people have boarded, moan from the back: 
  "Oh, not now... motion sickness!"
- Bet the other passengers you can fit a quarter in your nose.
- Frown and mutter "gotta go, gotta go" then sigh and say "oops!"
- Show other passengers a wound and ask if it looks infected.
- Walk on with a cooler that says "human head" on the side.
- Stare at another passenger for a while, then announce "You're  one
  of THEM!" and move to the far corner of the elevator.
- Leave a box between the doors.
- Ask each passenger getting on if you can push the button for them.
- Wear a puppet on your hand and talk to other passengers "through" it.
- Start a sing-along.
- When the elevator is silent, look around and ask "is that your beeper?"
- Draw a little square on the floor with chalk and announce to the
  other passengers that this is your "personal space".
- Announce in a demonic voice: "I must find a more suitable host body".
- Carry a blanket and clutch it protectively.
- If anyone brushes against you, recoil and holler "Bad touch!"
- While the doors are opening, hurriedly whisper, "Hide it... quick!"
  then whistle innocently.

Funny Unix csh/sh commands:
===========================

% cat "food in cans"
cat: can't open food in cans

% nice man woman
No manual entry for woman.

% rm God
rm: God nonexistent

% ar t God
ar: God does not exist

% ar r God
ar: creating God

% "How would you rate Quayle's incompetence?
Unmatched ".

% [Where is Jimmy Hoffa?
Missing ].

% ^How did the sex change operation go?
^ Modifier failed.

% If I had a ( for every $ the Congress spent, what would I have?
Too many ('s.

% make love
Make: Don't know how to make love. Stop.

% sleep with me
bad character

% got a light?
No match.

% man: why did you get a divorce?
man:: Too many arguments.

% !:say, what is saccharine?
Bad substitute.

% %blow
%blow: No such job.

/* not csh but sh */
$ PATH=pretending!/usr/ucb/which sense
no sense in pretending!

$ drink <bottle; opener
bottle: cannot open
opener: not found

One day in the Garden of Eden, Eve calls out to God...

"Lord, I have a problem!"

"What's the problem, Eve?"

"Lord, I know you've created me and have provided this beautiful garden
and all of these wonderful animals, and that hilarious comedic snake,
but I'm just not happy."

"Why is that, Eve?" came the reply from above.

"Lord, I am lonely. And I'm sick to death of apples."

"Well, Eve, in that case, I have a solution. I shall create a man for
you."

"What's a 'man', Lord?"

"This man will be a flawed creature, with many bad traits. He'll lie,
cheat, and be vainglorious; all in all, he'll give you a hard time. 
But, he'll be bigger, faster, and will like to hunt and kill things. He
will look silly aroused, but since you've been complaining, I'll create
him in such a way that he will satisfy your, ah, physical needs. He'll
be witless and will revel in childish things like fighting and kicking
a ball about. He won't be too smart, so he'll also need your advice to
think properly."

"Sounds great," says Eve, with an ironically raised eyebrow.

"What's the catch, Lord?"

"Yeah, well... you can have him on one condition."

"What's that, Lord?"

"As I said, he'll be proud, arrogant, and self-admiring... So you'll
have to let him believe that I made him first... So, just remember...
it's our secret... Woman-to-woman!"

Good luck Mantra

The following is taken from a Nepalese Good Luck Mantra. Do not keep
this message. The mantra must leave your hands within 96 hours. You
will get a very pleasant surprise. This is true, even if you are not
superstitious.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR LIFE:

1. Take into account that great love and great achievements involve
   great risk.
2. When you lose, don't lose the lesson.
3. Follow the three Rs:
   * Respect for self
   * Respect for others and
   * Responsibility for all your actions.
4. Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful
   stroke of luck.
5. Learn the rules so you know how to break them properly.
6. Don't let a little dispute injure a great friendship.
7. When you realize you've made a mistake, take immediate steps to
   correct it.
8. Spend some time alone.
9. Open your arms to change, but don't let go of your values.
10. Remember that silence is sometimes the best answer.
11. Live a good, honorable life. Then when you get older and think
    back, you'll be able to enjoy it a second time.
12. A loving atmosphere in your home is the foundation for your
    life. Do all you can to create a tranquil, harmonious home.
13. In disagreements with loved ones, deal only with the current
    situation. Don't bring up the past.
14. Share your knowledge. It's a way to achieve immortality.
15. Be gentle with the earth.
16. Once a year, go someplace you've never been before.
17. Remember that the best relationship is one in which your love
    for each other exceeds your need for each other.
18. Judge your success by what you had to give up in order to get it.
19. Approach love and cooking with reckless abandon.

SEND THIS MANTRA E-MAIL TO AT LEAST 5 PEOPLE AND YOUR LIFE WILL IMPROVE.
0-4 people: Your life will improve slightly.
5-9 people: Your life will improve to your liking.
9-14 people: You will have at least 5 surprises in the next 3 weeks.
15 & above: Your life will improve drastically and everything you
            ever dreamed of will begin to take shape.

The Gospel of Tux (v1.0)

Every generation has a mythology. Every millennium has a doomsday cult.
Every legend gets the distortion knob wound up until the speaker melts.
Archeologists at the University of Helsinki today uncovered what could be
the earliest known writings from the Cult of Tux, a fanatical religious
sect that flourished during the early Silicon Age, just before the dawn
of the third millennium AD.

The Gospel of Tux (v1.0)

In the beginning Turing created the Machine.

And the Machine was crufty and bodacious, existing in theory only. And
von Neumann looked upon the Machine, and saw that it was crufty. He
divided the Machine into two Abstractions, the Data and the Code, and yet
the two were one Architecture. This is a great Mystery, and the beginning
of wisdom.

And von Neumann spoke unto the Architecture, and blessed it, saying, "Go
forth and replicate, freely exchanging data and code, and bring forth all
manner of devices unto the earth." And it was so, and it was cool.  The
Architecture prospered and was implemented in hardware and software.  And
it brought forth many Systems unto the earth.

The first Systems were mighty giants; many great works of renown did they
accomplish. Among them were Colossus, the codebreaker; ENIAC, the targeter;
EDSAC and MULTIVAC and all manner of froody creatures ending in AC, the
experimenters; and SAGE, the defender of the sky and father of all
networks.  These were the mighty giants of old, the first children of
Turing, and their works are written in the Books of the Ancients. This
was the First Age, the age of Lore.

Now the sons of Marketing looked upon the children of Turing, and saw
that they were swift of mind and terse of name and had many great and
baleful attributes. And they said unto  themselves, "Let us go now and
make us Corporations, to bind the Systems to our own use that they may
bring us great fortune." With sweet words did they lure their customers,
and with many chains did they bind the Systems, to fashion them after
their own image. And the sons of Marketing fashioned themselves Suits to
wear, the better to lure their customers, and wrote grave and perilous
Licenses, the better to bind the Systems. And the sons of Marketing thus
became known as Suits, despising and being despised by the true
Engineers, the children of von Neumann.

And the Systems and their Corporations replicated and grew numerous upon
the earth. In those days there were IBM and Digital, Burroughs and
Honeywell, Unisys and Rand, and many others. And they each kept to their
own System, hardware and software, and did not interchange, for their
Licences forbade it.  This was the Second Age, the age of Mainframes.
Now it came to pass that the spirits of Turing and von Neumann looked
upon the earth and were displeased. The Systems and their Corporations
had grown large and bulky, and Suits ruled over true Engineers. And the
Customers groaned and cried loudly unto heaven, saying, "Oh that there
would be created a System mighty in power, yet small in size, able to
reach into the very home!" And the Engineers groaned and cried likewise,
saying, "Oh, that a deliverer would arise to grant us freedom from these
oppressing Suits and their grave and perilous Licences, and send us a
System of our own, that we may hack therein!" And the spirits of Turing
and von Neumann heard the cries and were moved, and said unto each other,
"Let us go down and fabricate a Breakthrough, that these cries may be
stilled."

And that day the spirits of Turing and von Neumann spoke unto Moore of
Intel, granting him insight and wisdom to understand the future. And
Moore was with chip, and he brought forth the chip and named it 4004. And
Moore did bless the Chip, saying, "Thou art a Breakthrough; with my own
Corporation have I fabricated thee. Thou art yet as small as a dust mote,
yet shall thou grow and replicate unto the size of a mountain, and
conquer all before thee. This blessing I give unto thee: every eighteen
months shall thou double in capacity, until the end of the age." This is
Moore's Law, which endures unto this day.

And the birth of 4004 was the beginning of the Third Age, the age of
Microchips. And as the Mainframes and their Systems and Corporations had
flourished, so did the Microchips and their Systems and Corporations. And
their lineage was on this wise:

Moore begat Intel. Intel begat Mostech, Zilog and Atari. Mostech begat
6502, and Zilog begat Z80. Intel also begat 8800, who begat Altair; and
8086, mother of all PCs. 6502 begat Commodore, who begat PET and 64; and
Apple, who begat 2. (Apple is the great Mystery, the Fruit that was
devoured, yet bloomed again.) Atari begat 800 and 1200, masters of the
game, who were destroyed by Sega and Nintendo. Xerox begat PARC.
Commodore and PARC begat Amiga, creator of fine arts; Apple and PARC
begat Lisa, who begat Macintosh, who begat iMac. Atari and PARC begat ST,
the music maker, who died and was no more. Z80 begat Sinclair the dwarf,
TRS-80 and CP/M, who begat many machines, but soon passed from this
world. Altair, Apple and Commodore together begat Microsoft, the Great
Darkness which is called Abomination, Destroyer of the Earth, the Gates
of Hell.

Now it came to pass in the Age of Microchips that IBM, the greatest of
the Mainframe Corporations, looked upon the young Microchip Systems and
was greatly vexed. And in their vexation and wrath they smote the earth
and created the IBM PC. The PC was without sound and colour, crufty and
bodacious in great measure, and its likeness was a tramp, yet the
Customers were greatly moved and did purchase the PC in great numbers.
And IBM sought about for an Operating System Provider, for in their haste
they had not created one, nor had they forged a suitably grave and
perilous License, saying, "First we will build the market, then we will
create a new System, one in our own image, and bound by our Licence." But
they reasoned thus out of pride and not wisdom, not forseeing the wrath
which was to come.

And IBM came unto Microsoft, who licensed unto them QDOS, the child of
CP/M and 8086. (8086 was the daughter of Intel, the child of Moore). And
QDOS grew, and was named MS-DOS. And MS-DOS and the PC together waxed
mighty, and conquered all markets, replicating and taking possession
thereof, in accordance with Moore's Law. And Intel grew terrible and
devoured all her children, such that no chip could stand before her. And
Microsoft grew proud and devoured IBM, and this was a great marvel in the
land. All these things are written in the Books of the Deeds of
Microsoft.

In the fullness of time MS-DOS begat Windows. And this is the lineage of
Windows: CP/M begat QDOS. QDOS begat DOS 1.0. DOS 1.0 begat DOS 2.0 by
way of Unix. DOS 2.0 begat Windows 3.11 by way of PARC and Macintosh. IBM
and Microsoft begat OS/2, who begat Windows NT and Warp, the lost OS of
lore.  Windows 3.11 begat Windows 95 after triumphing over Macintosh in a
mighty Battle of Licences. Windows NT begat NT 4.0 by way of Windows 95.
NT 4.0 begat NT 5.0, the OS also called Windows 2000, The Millenium Bug,
Doomsday, Armageddon, The End Of All Things.

Now it came to pass that Microsoft had waxed great and mighty among the
Microchip Corporations; mightier than any of the Mainframe Corporations
before it had it waxed. And Gates' heart was hardened, and he swore unto
his Customers and their Engineers the words of this curse:
"Children of von Neumann, hear me. IBM and the Mainframe Corporations
bound thy forefathers with grave and perilous Licences, such that ye
cried unto the spirits of Turing and von Neumann for deliverance. Now I
say unto ye: I am greater than any Corporation before me. Will I loosen
your Licences? Nay, I will bind thee with Licences twice as grave and ten
times more perilous than my forefathers. I will engrave my Licence on thy
heart and write my Serial Number upon thy frontal lobes. I will bind thee
to the Windows Platform with cunning artifices and with devious schemes.
I will bind thee to the Intel Chipset with crufty code and with gnarly
APIs. I will capture and enslave thee as no generation has been enslaved
before. And wherefore will ye cry then unto the spirits of Turing, and
von Neumann, and Moore? They cannot hear ye. I am become a greater Power
than they. Ye shall cry only unto me, and shall live by my mercy and my
wrath. I am the Gates of Hell; I hold the portal to MSNBC and the keys to
the Blue Screen of Death. Be ye afraid; be ye greatly afraid; serve only
me, and live."

And the people were cowed in terror and gave homage to Microsoft, and
endured the many grave and perilous trials which the Windows platform and
its greatly bodacious Licence forced upon them. And once again did they
cry to Turing and von Neumann and Moore for a deliverer, but none was
found equal to the task until the birth of Linux.

These are the generations of Linux:
SAGE begat ARPA, which begat TCP/IP, and Aloha, which begat Ethernet.
Bell begat Multics, which begat C, which begat Unix. Unix and TCP/IP
begat Internet, which begat the World Wide Web. Unix begat RMS, father of
the great GNU, which begat the Libraries and Emacs, chief of the
Utilities. In the days of the Web, Internet and Ethernet begat the
Intranet LAN, which rose to renown among all Corporations and prepared
the way for the Penguin.  And Linus and the Web begat the Kernel through
Unix. The Kernel, the Libraries and the Utilities together are the
Distribution, the one Penguin in many forms, forever and ever praised.
Now in those days there was in the land of Helsinki a young scholar named
Linus the Torvald. Linus was a devout man, a disciple of RMS and mighty
in the spirit of Turing, von Neumann and Moore. One day as he was
meditating on the Architecture, Linus fell into a trance and was granted
a vision. And in the vision he saw a great Penguin,> serene and
well-favoured, sitting upon an ice floe eating fish. And at the sight of
the Penguin Linus was deeply afraid, and he cried unto the spirits of
Turing, von Neumann and Moore for an interpretation of the dream.
And in the dream the spirits of Turing, von Neumann and Moore answered
and spoke unto him, saying, "Fear not, Linus, most beloved hacker. You
are exceedingly cool and froody. The great Penguin which you see is an
Operating System which you shall create and deploy unto the earth. The
ice-floe is the earth and all the systems thereof, upon which the Penguin
shall rest and rejoice at the completion of its task. And the fish on
which the Penguin feeds are the crufty Licensed codebases which swim
beneath all the earth's systems. The Penguin shall hunt and devour all
that is crufty, gnarly and bodacious; all code which wriggles like
spaghetti, or is infested with blighting creatures, or is bound by grave
and perilous Licences shall it capture. And in capturing shall it
replicate, and in replicating shall it document, and in documentation
shall it bring freedom, serenity and most cool froodiness to the earth
and all who code therein."

Linus rose from meditation and created a tiny Operating System Kernel as
the dream had foreshewn him; in the manner of RMS, he released the Kernel
unto the World Wide Web for all to take and behold. And in the fulness of
Internet Time the Kernel grew and replicated, becoming most cool and
exceedingly froody, until at last it was recognised as indeed a great and
mighty Penguin, whose name was Tux. And the followers of Linus took
refuge in the Kernel, the Libraries and the Utilities; they installed
Distribution after Distribution, and made sacrifice unto the GNU and the
Penguin, and gave thanks to the spirits of Turing, von Neumann and Moore,
for their deliverance from the hand of Microsoft. And this was the
beginning of the Fourth Age, the age of Open Source.

Now there is much more to be said about the exceeding strange and
wonderful events of those days; how some Suits of Microsoft plotted war
upon the Penguin, but were discovered on a Halloween Eve; how Gates fell
among lawyers and was betrayed and crucified by his former friends, the
apostles of Media; how the mercenary Knights of the Red Hat brought the
gospel of the Penguin into the halls of the Corporations; and even of the
dispute between the brethren of Gnome and KDE over a trollish Licence.
But all these things are recorded elsewhere, in the Books of the Deeds of
the Penguin and the Chronicles of the Fourth Age, and I suppose if they
were all narrated they would fill a stack of DVDs as deep and perilous as
a Usenet Newsgroup.

Now may you code in the power of the Source; may the Kernel, the
Libraries and the Utilities be with you, throughout all Distributions,
until the end of the Epoch. Amen.

Author Unknown

 ----------------------------------------------
 ...this was described to me as a "genuine" Mormon joke:
 
 A woman approached Brigham Young one day and started asking him a few
 questions.
 "You are Brigham Young?"
 "I am."
 "The leader of the Mormon Church?"
 "I am."
 "The man who claims all other Christian traditions save Mormonism are false?"
 "I am."
 The woman starts to get noticeably disturbed.
 "The man who believes in polygamy as appropriate conduct?"
 "I am."
 Her anger increases.
 "The man who has twenty-six wives?"
 "I am."
 This sends her into a full rage.
 "You, sir, should be hung!"
 "I am."




1.  Be nice to your kids.  They'll choose your nursing home.

2.  Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder...

3.  There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count & those who can't.

4.  Sign on baby's bib: SPIT HAPPENS.

5.  Why is "abbreviation" such a long word?

6.  Don't use a big word where a diminutive one will suffice.

7.  Every morning is the dawn of a new error...

8.  A flying saucer results when a nudist spills his coffee.

9.  For people who like peace and quiet: a phoneless cord.

** 10. I can see clearly now, the brain is gone...

11. The beatings will continue until morale improves.

** 12. I used up all my sick days, so I'm calling in dead.

13. Mental Floss prevents Moral Decay.

**** 14. Madness takes its toll.  Please have exact change.

15. Proofread carefully to see if you any words out.

*** 16. There cannot be a crisis today; my schedule is already full.

** 17. I'd explain it to you, but your brain would explode.

18. Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?

19. A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.

20. I don't have a solution but I admire the problem.

21. Don't be so open-minded your brains fall out.

** 22. If at first you DO succeed, try not to look astonished!

23. Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie!'... till you can find a
rock.

24. Diplomacy - the art of letting someone have your way.

25. If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest have to drown too?

26. If things get any worse, I'll have to ask you to stop helping me.

27. If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary forms.

28. Don't look back, they might be gaining on you.

29. It's not hard to meet expenses, they're everywhere.

30. Help Wanted: Telepath.  You know where to apply.

31. Look out for #1.  Don't step in #2.

32. Budget: A method for going broke methodically.

33. Car service:  If it ain't broke, we'll break it.

34. Shin: A device for finding furniture in the dark.

35. Do witches run spell checkers?

36. Demons are a Ghouls best Friend.

37. Copywight 1994 Elmer Fudd.  All wights wesewved.

38. Dain bramaged.

39. Department of Redundancy Department

40. Headline: Bear takes over Disneyland in Pooh D'Etat!

41. What has four legs and an arm?  A happy pit bull.

** 42. Cannot find REALITY.SYS. Universe halted.

43. COFFEE.EXE Missing - Insert Cup and Press Any Key

44. Buy a Pentium 586/90 so you can reboot faster.

45.  2 + 2 = 5 for extremely large values of 2.

46. Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.

47. Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.

48. My software never has bugs.  It just develops random features.

49. C:\WINDOWS C:\WINDOWS\GO C:\PC\CRAWL

50. C:\DOS   C:\DOS\RUN   RUN\DOS\RUN

** 51. <-------- The information went data way --------

52. Best file compression around:  "DEL *.*" = 100% compression

53. The Definition of an Upgrade: Take old bugs out, put new ones in.

54. BREAKFAST.COM Halted...Cereal Port Not Responding

55. The name is Baud......, James Baud.

56. BUFFERS=20 FILES=15 2nd down, 4th quarter, 5 yards to go!

57. Access denied--nah nah na nah nah!

58. C:\> Bad command or file name! Go stand in the corner.

59. Bad command. Bad, bad command! Sit! Stay! Staaay..

60. Why doesn't DOS ever say "EXCELLENT command or filename!"

61. As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.

62. Southern DOS: Y'all reckon? (Yep/Nope)

63. Backups? We don' *NEED* no steenking backups.

64. E Pluribus Modem

65. >... File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N)

66. Ethernet (n): something used to catch the etherbunny

67. A mainframe: The biggest PC peripheral available.

68. An error?  Impossible!  My modem is error correcting.

69. CONGRESS.SYS Corrupted:  Re-boot Washington D.C (Y/n)?

70. Does fuzzy logic tickle?

71. A computer's attention span is as long as it's power cord.

72. 11th commandment - Covet not thy neighbor's Pentium.

*** 73. 24 hours in a day...24 beers in a case...coincidence?

** 74. Disinformation is not as good as datinformation.

75. Windows: Just another pane in the glass.

76. SENILE.COM found . . . Out Of Memory . . .

77. Who's General Failure & why's he reading my disk?

78. Ultimate office automation: networked coffee.

79. RAM disk is *not* an installation procedure.

80. Shell to DOS...Come in DOS, do you copy? Shell to DOS...

81. All computers wait at the same speed.

82. DEFINITION: Computer - A device designed to speed and automate errors.

83. Press <CTRL>-<ALT>-<DEL> to continue ...

84. Smash forehead on keyboard to continue.....

85. Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue...

86. ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI!

87. E-mail returned to sender -- insufficient voltage.

88. Help! I'm modeming... and I can't hang up!!!

89. All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?

** 90. Error: Keyboard not attached. Press F1 to continue.

91. "640K ought to be enough for anybody." - Bill Gates, 1981

92. DOS Tip #17: Add DEVICE=FNGRCROS.SYS to CONFIG.SYS

93. Hidden DOS secret: add BUGS=OFF to your CONFIG.SYS

94. Press any key... no, no, no, NOT THAT ONE!

95. Press any key to continue or any other key to quit...

96. Excuse me for butting in, but I'm interrupt-driven.



Help Desk Horror

These are stories from help desks around the country.


At 03:37 on a Sunday, I had just looked at the clock to determine my
annoyance level, when I received a frantic phone call from a new user
of a Macintosh Plus. She had gotten her entire family out of the house
and was calling from her neighbour's. She had just received her first
system error and interpreted the picture of the bomb on the screen as a
warning that the computer was going to blow up.

---------------------------------------- 

Tech Support: "I need you to right-click on the Open Desktop."
Customer: "Ok."
Tech Support: "Did you get a pop-up menu?"
Customer: "No."
Tech Support: "Ok. Right click again. Do you see a pop-up menu?"
Customer: "No."
Tech Support: "Ok, sir. Can you tell me what you have done up until
               this point?"
Customer: "Sure, you told me to write 'click' and I wrote 'click'."
(At this point I had to put the caller on hold to tell the rest of the
tech support staff what had happened. I couldn't, however, stop from
giggling when I got back to the call.)
Tech Support: "Ok, did you type 'click' with the keyboard?"
Customer: "I have done something dumb, right?"

----------------------------------------

One woman called Dell's toll free line to ask how to install the
batteries in her laptop. When told that the directions were on the
first page of the manual the woman replied angrily, "I just paid $2,000
for this damn thing, and I'm not going to read the book."

----------------------------------------

Customer: "I received the software update you sent, but I am still
           getting the same error message."
Tech Support: "Did you install the update?"
Customer: "No. Oh, am I supposed to install it to get it to work?"

----------------------------------------

Customer: "I'm having trouble installing Microsoft Word."
Tech Support: "Tell me what you've done."
Customer: "I typed 'A:SETUP'."
Tech Support: "Ma'am, remove the disk and tell me what it says."
Customer: "It says '[PC manufacturer] Restore and Recovery disk'."
Tech Support: "Insert the MS Word setup disk."
Customer: "What?"
Tech Support: "Did you buy MS word?"
Customer "No..."

----------------------------------------

Tech Support: "Ok, in the bottom left hand side of the screen, can you
               see the 'OK' button displayed?"
Customer: "Wow. How can you see my screen from there?"

----------------------------------------

Customer: "Uhh...I need help unpacking my new PC."
Tech Support: "What exactly is the problem?"
Customer: "I can't open the box."
Tech Support: "Well, I'd remove the tape holding the box closed and go
               from there."
Customer: "Uhhhh...ok, thanks...."

----------------------------------------

Customer: "I'm having a problem installing your software.  I've got a
fairly old computer, and when I type 'INSTALL', all it says is 'Bad
command or file name'."
Tech Support: "Ok, check the directory of the A: drive--go to  A:> \
               and type 'dir'."
Customer reads off a list of file names, including 'INSTALL.EXE'.
Tech Support: "All right, the correct file is there.  Type 'INSTALL' again."
Customer: "Ok." (pause) "Still says 'Bad command or file name'."
Tech Support: "Hmmm. The file's there in the correct place -- it can't
help but do something. Are you sure you're typing I-N-S-T-A-L-L and
hitting the Enter key?
Customer: "Yes, let me try it again." (pause) "Nope, still 'Bad command
or file name'."
Tech Support: (now really confused) "Are you sure you're typing
I-N-S-T-A-L-L and hitting the key that says 'Enter'?"
Customer: "Well, yeah. Although my 'N' key is stuck, so I'm using the
'M' key...does that matter?

----------------------------------------

At our company we have asset numbers on the front of everything. They
give
the location, name, and everything else just by scanning the computer's
asset bar-code or using the number beneath the bars.

Customer: "Hello. I can't get on the network."
Tech Support: "Ok. Just read me your asset number so we can open an
outage."
Customer: "What is that?"
Tech Support: "That little bar-code on the front of  your computer."
Customer: "Ok. Big bar, little bar, big bar, big bar . . ."

----------------------------------------

Customer: "I got this problem. You people sent me this install disk, and
now my A: drive won't work."
Tech Support: "Your A drive won't work?"
Customer: "That's what I said. You sent me a bad disk, it got stuck in
my drive, now it won't work at all."
Tech Support: "Did it not install properly? What kind of error messages
did you get?"
Customer: "I didn't get any error message. The disk got stuck in the
drive and wouldn't come out. So I got these pliers and tried to get it
out. That didn't work either."
Tech Support: "You did what sir?"
Customer: "I got these pliers, and tried to get the disk out, but it
wouldn't budge. I just ended up cracking the plastic stuff a bit."
Tech Support: "I don't understand sir, did you push the eject button?"
Customer: "No, so then I got a stick of butter and melted it and used a
turkey baster and put the butter in the drive, around the disk, and
that got it loose. Then I used the pliers and it came out fine. I can't
believe you would send me a disk that was broke and defective."
Tech Support: "Let me get this clear. You put melted butter in your A:
drive and used pliers to pull the disk out?"
At this point, I put the call on the speaker phone and motioned at the
other techs to listen in.
Tech Support: "Just so I am absolutely clear on this, can you repeat
what you just said?"
Customer: "I said I put butter in my A: drive to get your crappy disk
out, then I had to use pliers to pull it out."
Tech Support: "Did you push that little button that was sticking out
when the disk was in the drive, you know, the thing called the disk
eject button?"
Silence.
Tech Support: "Sir?"
Customer: "Yes."
Tech Support: "Sir, did you push the eject button?"
Customer: "No, but you people are going to fix my computer, or I am
going to sue you for breaking my computer?"
Tech Support: "Let me get this straight. You are going to sue our
company because you put the disk in the A: drive, didn't follow the
instructions we sent you, didn't actually seek professional advice,
didn't consult your user's manual on how to use your computer properly,
instead proceeding to pour butter into the drive and physically rip the
disk out?"
Customer: "Ummmm."
Tech Support: "Do you really think you stand a chance, since we do
record every call and have it on tape?"
Customer: (now rather humbled) "But you're supposed to help!"
Tech Support: "I am sorry sir, but there is nothing we can do for you.
Have a nice day."


 
          How to tell if you might be a "high tech redneck"
 
 
 If your e-mail address ends in ".over.yonder.com"
 
 If you connect to the World Wide Web via a "Down Home Page"
 
 If the bumper sticker on your truck says "My other computer is a laptop"
 
 If your laptop has a sticker that says "Protected by Smith and Wesson"
 
 If you've ever doubled the value of your truck by installing a cellular
 phone.
 
 If your baseball cap read "DEC" instead of "CAT"
 
 If your computer is worth more than all your cars combined
 
 If your wife said "either he or the computer had to go", and you still
 don't miss her
 
 If you've ever used a CD-ROM as a coaster to set your beer on
 
 If you ever refer to your computer as "Ole Bessy"
 
 If your screen saver is a bitmap image of your favorite truck, tractor, or
 farm animal
 
 If you start all your e-mails with the words "Howdy y'all"
 

Are You a Real Guy?

Take This Scientific Quiz to Determine Your "Guyness" Quotient


1. Alien beings from a highly advanced society visit the Earth,
   and you are the first human they encounter. As a token of
   intergalactic friendship, they present you with a small but
   incredibly sophisticated device that is capable of curing all
   disease, providing an infinite supply of clean energy, wiping
   out hunger and poverty, and permanently eliminating oppression
   and violence all over the entire Earth.  You decide to:

   a. Present it to the president of the United States.
   b. Present it to the secretary general of the United Nations.
   c. Take it apart.


2. As you grow older, what lost quality of your youthful life do
you miss the most?

a. Innocence.
b. Idealism.
c. Cherry bombs.


3. When is it okay to kiss another male?
   a. When you wish to display simple and pure affection without
      regard for narrow-minded social conventions.
   b. When he is the pope. (Not on the lips.)
   c. When he is your brother and you are Al Pacino and this is the
      only really sportsmanlike way to let him know that, for business
      reasons, you have to have him killed.


4. What about hugging another male?
    a. If he's your father and at least one of you has a fatal disease.
    b. If you're performing the Heimlich maneuver. (And even in this
       case, you should repeatedly shout: "I am just dislodging food
       trapped in this male's trachea! I am not in any way aroused!")
    c. If you're a professional baseball player and a teammate hits
       a home run to win the World Series, you may hug him provided that
       (1) He is legally within the basepath, (2) Both of you are wear-
       ing protective cups, and (3) You also pound him fraternally with
       your fist hard enough to cause fractures.


5. Complete this sentence: A funeral is a good time to...
   a. ...remember the deceased and console his loved ones.
   b. ...reflect upon the fleeting transience of earthly life.
   c. ...tell the joke about the guy who has Alzheimer's disease and
          cancer.


6. In your opinion, the ideal pet is:
   a. A cat.
   b. A dog.
   c. A dog that eats cats.


7. You have been seeing a woman for several years.  She's attractive
   and intelligent, and you always enjoy being with her.  One
   leisurely Sunday afternoon the two of you are taking it easy--
   you're watching a football game; she's reading the papers--when
   she suddenly, out of the clear blue sky, tells you that she thinks
   she really loves you, but she can no longer bear the uncertainty
   of not knowing where your relationship is going.  She says she's
   not asking whether you want to get married; only whether you
   believe that you have some kind of future together.  What do you
   say?

a. That you sincerely believe the two of you do have a future,
   but you don't want to rush it.
b. That although you also have strong feelings for her, you
   cannot honestly say that you'll be ready anytime soon to make a
   lasting commitment, and you don't want to hurt her by holding out
   false hope.
c. That you cannot believe the Jets called a draw play on third
   and seventeen.


8. Okay, so you have decided that you truly love a woman and you
   want to spend the rest of your life with her-sharing the joys and
   the sorrows, the triumphs and the tragedies, and all the
   adventures and opportunities that the world has to offer, come
   what may. How do you tell her?

a. You take her to a nice restaurant and tell her after dinner.
b. You take her for a walk on a moonlit beach, and you say her
   name, and when she turns to you, with the sea breeze blowing her
   hair and the stars in her eyes, you tell her.
c. Tell her what?


9. One weekday morning your wife wakes up feeling ill and asks
you to get your three children ready for school. Your first
question to her is:

a. "Do they need to eat or anything?"
b.     "They're in school already?"
c. "There are three of them?"


10. When is it okay to throw away a set of veteran underwear?
   a. When it has turned the color of a dead whale and developed new
      holes so large that you're not sure which ones were originally
      intended for your legs.
   b. When it is down to eight loosely connected underwear molecules
      and has to be handled with tweezers.
   c.  It is never okay to throw away veteran underwear.  A real guy
       checks the garbage regularly in case somebody--and we are not
       naming names, but this would be his wife--is quietly trying to
       discard his underwear, which she is frankly jealous of, because
       the guy seems to have a more intimate relationship with it than
       with her.


11. What, in your opinion, is the most reasonable explanation for
the fact that Moses led the Israelites all over the place for
forty years before they finally got to the Promised Land?

a. He was being tested.
b. He wanted them to really appreciate the Promised Land when
they finally got there.
c. He refused to ask directions.

12. What is the human race's single greatest achievement?
a. Democracy.
b. Religion.
c. Remote control.


How to Score:  Give yourself one point for every time you picked
answer "c."  A real guy would score at least 10 on this test.  In
fact, a real guy would score at least 15, because he would get the
special five-point bonus for knowing the joke about the guy who has
Alzheimer's disease and cancer.


 
 Why do men like love at first sight?
        It saves them a lot of time.
 
 A woman of 35 thinks of having children.  What does a man of 35 think
 of?
        Dating children.
 
 How can you tell soap operas are fictional?
         In real life, men aren't affectionate out of bed.
 
   What should you give a man who has everything?
         A woman to show him how to work it.
 
 Why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating?
         To stop the snoring before it starts.
 
 Why don't men have mid-life crises?
         They stay stuck in adolescence.
 
 How does a man show he's planning for the future?
       He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
 
  How was Colonel Sanders a typical male?
       All he cared about were legs, breasts, and thighs.
 
  How is being at a singles bar different from going to the circus?
       At the circus the clowns don't talk.
 
 What makes men chase women they have no intention of marrying?
         The same urge that makes dogs chase cars they have no intention
     of driving.
 
  What do you do with a bachelor who thinks he's God's gift?
        Exchange him.
 
 Why do bachelors like smart women?
       Opposites attract.
 
 Why are husbands like lawn mowers?
        They're hard to get started, emit foul odors, and don't work half
        the time.
 
 What's the difference between a new husband and a new dog?
       After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
 
  Why is sleeping with a man like a soap opera?
 Just when it's getting interesting, they're finished until next time.
 
 Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact?
        Breasts don't have eyes.
 
  What is the thinnest book in the world?
       What Men Know About Women
 
  How many men does it take to screw in a light bulb?
   One.  Men will screw anything!
 
  What's a man's idea of foreplay?
         A half hour of begging.
 
  How can you tell if a man is sexually excited?
         He's breathing.
 
  What's the difference between men and government bonds?
        Bonds mature.
 
  How do you save a man from drowning?
      Take your foot off his head.
 
  Why are blonde jokes so short?
        So men can remember them.
 
  What do men and beer bottles have in common?
     They're both empty from the neck up.
 
 How many men does it take to change a roll of toilet paper?
      We don't know-it's never happened.
 

A Grouch escapes so many little annoyances that it
almost pays to be one.
                        --Kin Hubbard--

If men could get pregnant, abortion would be a sacrament!
                        --Florynce Kennedy--

Admiration:  Our polite recognition of another's
             resemblance to ourselves.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Advertising may be described as the science of
arresting human intelligence long enough to
get money from it.
                        --Stephen Leacock--

Advertising is 85 percent confusion and
15 percent commission.
                        --Fred Allen--

Advertising is a valuable economic factor because
it is the cheapest way of seeling goods, particularly
if the goods are worthless.
                        --Sinclair Lewis--

Advertising is legalized lying.
                        --H. G. Wells--

An alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks
as much as you do.
                        --Dylan Thomas--

Judges, as a class, display, in the matter of arranging
alimony, that reckless generosity which is found only
in men who are giving away someone else's cash.
                        --P. G. Wodehouse--

Every major horror of history was committed in the name
of an altruistic motive.  Has any act of selfishness
ever equalled the carnage perpetrated by disciples
of altruism?
                        --Ayan Rand--

In our country we have those three unspeakably
precious things: freedom of speech, freedom of
conscience, and the prudence never to practice
either.
                        --Mark Twain--

In America sex is an obsession, in other parts of
the world it is a fact.
                        --Marlene Dietrich--

America is the greatest of opportunities and the
worst of influences.
                        --George Santayana--

The discovery of America was the occasion of the
greatest outburst of cruelty and reckless greed
known in history.
                        --Joseph Conrad--

The genius of you Americans is that you never
make clear-cut stupid moves, only complicated
stupid moves which make us wonder at the possi-
bility that there may be something to them which
we are missing.
                        --Gamal Abdel Nasser--

Animals have these advantages over man: they
have no theologians to instruct them, their
funerals cost them nothing, and no one starts
lawsuits over their wills.
                        --Voltaire--

There is no underestimating the intelligence
of the American public.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Democracy is the are of running the circus
from the monkey cage.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Perhaps the most revolting character that the United
States ever produced was the Christian business man.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

The trouble with New York is that it has no
nationality at all.  It is simply a sort of free port --
a place where the raw materials of civilization are
received, sorted out, and sent further on.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Texas is the place where there are the most cows and
the least milk and the most rivers and the least
water in them, and where you can look the farthest
and see the least.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Baseball has the great advantage over cricket of
being sooner ended.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

It ain't those parts of the Bible that I can't under-
stand that bother me, it's the parts that I do
understand.
                        --Mark Twain--

So far as I can remember, there is not one word
in the Gospels in praise of intelligence.
                        --Bertrand Russell--

Scriptures....The sacred books of our holy religion,
as distinguished from the false and profane writings
on which all other faiths are based.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

The inspiration of the Bible depends on the ignorance
of the person who reads it.
                        --Robert G. Ingersoll--

No one recovers from the disease of being born; a
deadly wound if there ever was one.
                        --E. M. Cioran--

The trouble with born-again Christians is that they
are an even bigger pain the second time around.
                        --Herb Caen--

He's a born-again Christian.  The trouble is, he
suffered brain damage during rebirth.
                        --Anonymous--

The fact that boys are allowed to exist at all is evidence of a
remarkable Christian forebearance among men.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Boyys are capital fellows in their own way, among their
mages; but they are unwholesome companions for grown people.
                        --Charles Lamb--

It's silly to go on pretending that under the skin
we are all brothers.  The truth is more likely that
under the skin we are all cannibals, assassins,
traitors, liars and hypocrites.
                        --Henry Miller--

Bureaucracy is a giant mechanism operated by pygmies.
                        --Honore' De Balzac--

Chastity: the most unnatural of the sexual perversions.
                        --Aldous Huxley--

Chastity always takes its toll.  In some it produces
pimples; in others, sex laws.
                        --Karl Kraus--

One of the serious obstacles to the improvement
of our race is indiscrimiate charity.
                        --Andrew Carnegie--

Chess is a foolish expedient for making idle people
believe they are doing something very clever when
they are only wasting their time.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Chess is as elaborate a waste of human intelligence
as you can find outside an advertising agency.
                        --Raymond Chandler--

There are three terrible ages of childhood -- 1 to
10, 10 to 20, and 20 to 30.
                        --Cleveland Amory--

The secret of dealing successfully with a child
is not to be its parent.
                        --Mell Lazarus--

The best way to keep children at home is to make
the home atmosphere pleasant -- and let the air
out of the tires.       --Dorothy Parker--

A child is a curly, dimpled lunatic.
                        --Ralph Waldo Emerson--

We are given children to test us and make us
more spiritual.         --George F. Will--

Christ died for our sins.  Dare we make his
martyrdom meaningless by not committing them?
                        --Jules Feiffer--

If Christ were here now there is one thing he
would not be -- A Christian.
                        --Mark Twain--

The last Christian died on the cross.
                        --Anonymous--

Organized Christianity has probably done more to
retard the ideals that were its founder's than
any other agency in the world.
                        --Richard LeGallienne--

Of learned men, the clergy show the lowest development
of professional ethics.  Any pastor is free to steal
customers from the divines of rival sects, and to
denounce the divines themselves as theological quacks.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

A clergyman is one who feels himself called upon to
live without working at the expense of the rascals
who work to live.       --Voltaire--

Communism is like one big phone company.
                        --Lenny Bruce--

It could probably be shown be facts and figures that there
is no distinctively native American criminal class --
except Congress.        --Mark Twain--

Conservative......A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as
                  distinguished from a liberal, who wishes to
                  replace them with others.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

Convictions are more dangerous enemies of truth than lies.
                        --Nietzsche--

Corporation......An ingenious device for obtaining individual
                 profit without individual responsibility.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Critics are like eunuchs in a harem; they know how its done,
they've seen it done every day, but they're unable to do it
themselves.             --Brendan Behan--

Critics are a dissembling, dishonest, contemptible
race.  Asking a working writer wht he thinks about
critics is likd asking a fire plug what it feels
about dogs.             --John Osborne--

The power of accurate observation is commonly called
cynicism by those who have not got it.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Democracy encourages the majority to decide things
about which the majority is blissfully ignorant.
                        --John Simon--

The substitution of election by the incompetent many
for appointment by the corrupt few properly describes
the institution of Democracy.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Democracy becomes a government of bullies, barely
tempered by editors.    --Laurence J. Peters--

One of the most common of all diseases is diagnosis.
                        --Karl Kraus--

Doctors are just the same as lawyers; the only
difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas
doctors rob you and kill you too.
                        --Anton Chekhov--

Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made
stupid by education.    --Bertrand Russell--

We are shut up in schools and college recitation
rooms for ten or fifteen years, and come out at
last with a bellyful of words and do not know
a thing.                --Ralph Waldo Emerson--

Education is a method whereby one acquires a
higher grade of prejudices.
                        --Laurence J. Peter--

Equality may perhaps be a right, but no power on
earth can ever turn it into a fact.
                        --Honore' de Balzac--

We learn from experience that men never learn
anything from experience.  -- Oscar Wilde--

No one is completely unhappy at the failure of
his best friend.        --Groucho Marx--

Faith.....Belief without evidence inwhat is told by
          one sho speaks without knowledge, of things
          without parallel.  --Ambrose Bierce--

Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief
in the occurrence of the improbable.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows
that faith does not prove anything.
                        --Nietzsche--

The most common of all follies is to believe passionately
in the palpably not true.  It is the chief occupation of
mankind.                --H. L. Mencken--

When I can no longer bear to think of the
victims of broken homes, I begin to think of the
victims of intact ones.   --Peter DeVries--

Always forgive your enemies -- Nothing annoys them so much.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

France is th only couontry where the money falls
apart and you can't tear the toilet paper.
                        --Billy Wilder--

What I gained by being in France was learning to
be better satisfied with my own country.
                        --Samual Johnson--

France?  I would have loved it -- without the French.
                        --D. H. Lawrence--

When people are free to do as they please, they
usually imitate each other.   --Eric Hoffer--

Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of
leisure activity.       --Mortimer Adler--

If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot
stomping on a human face -- forever.
                        --George Orwell--

"Gay" used to be one of the most agreeable words in
the language.  Its appropriation by a notably morose
group is an act of piracy.
                        --Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr.--

When a true genius appears in the world you may
know him by this sign:  that all the dunces are
in confederacy against him.  --Jonathon Swift--

Gentility is what is left over from rich ancestors
after the money is gone.   --John Ciardi--

The only excuse for God is that he doesn't exist.
                        --Stendhal--

God seems to have left the receiver off the hook
and time is running out.   --Arthur Koestler--

It takes a long while for a naturally trustful person
to reconcile himself to the idea that after all God
will not help him.      --H. L. Mencken--

He (God) seems to have an inordinate fondness for beetles.
                        --J. B. S. Haldane--

The good die young -- because they see it's no use living
if you've got to be good.    --John Barrymore--

On the whole, human beings want to be good, but
not too good and not quite all the time.
                        --George Orwell--

It is almost impossible systematically to constitue a natural
moral law.  Nature has no principles.  She furnishes us with
no reason to believe that human life is to be respected.
Nature, in her indifference, makes no disctinction between
good and evil.          --Anatole France--

Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of
a good example.         --Mark Twain--

A government is the only know vessel that leaks from the top.
                        --James Reston--

Every government is run by liars and nothing they say
should be believed.     --I. F. Stone--

In general, the art of government consists in taking
as much money as possible from one class of the
citizens to give to the other.   --Voltaire--
Also a good definition of the Democratic Party.

Government is an association of men who do violence
to the rest of us.      --Leo Tolstoy--

Gratitude is merely the secret hope of further favors.
                        --Anonymous--

History is a set of lies agreed upon.
                        --Napoleon Bonaparte--

History repeats itself; that's one of the things that's
wrong with history.     --Clarence Darrow--

We learn from history that we do not learn from history.
                        --G. F. Wilhelm Hegel--

On the whole history tends to be rather poor fiction --
except at its best.     --Gore Vidal--

An historian is nothing more than an unsuccessful novelist.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

History would be a wonderful thing -- if only it were true.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

Holidays are an expensive trial of strength.  The only
satisfaction comes from survival.   --Jonathan Miller--

The Holy Roman Empire was neither holy, nor Roman, nor an
Empire.                 --Voltaire--

Hope in reality is the worst of all evils, because it
prolongs the torments of man.    --Nietzsche--

There are times when you hav to choose between being human
and having good taste.  --Bertoldt Brecht--

It is easier to denature plutonium than to denature the
evil spirit of man.     --Albert Einstein--

No doubt Jack the Ripper excused himself on the grounds
that it was human nature.    --A. A. Milne--

If I could get my membership fee back, I'd resign
from the human race.    --Fred Allen--

The chief obstacle to the progress of the human race
is the human race.      --Don Marquis--

Humility is no substitue for a good personality.
                        --Fran Lebowitz--

When a man wants to murder a tiger he calls it sport;
when a tiger wants to murder him he calls it ferocity.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

A sportsman is a man who, every now and then, simply
has to go out and kill something.   --Stephen Leacock--

The fascination of shooting as a sport depends almost
wholly on whether you are at the right or wrong end
of the gun.             --P. G. Wodehouse--

A husband is wha't left of the lover once the nerve
has been extracted.     --Helen Rowland--

An ounce of hypocrisy is worth a pound of ambition.
                        --Michael Korda--

Impiety....Your irreverence toward my deity.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Insanity.....A perfectly rational adjustment to the
             insane world.   --R. D. Laing--

Ireland has the honor of being the only country which never
persecuted the Jews -- because whe never let any in.
                        --James Joyce--

I showed my appreciation of my native land in the usual Irish
way by getting out of it as soon as I possibly could.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

The Irish are a fair people -- they never speak well of
one another.            --Samual Johnson--

The Jews are a frightened people.  Twenty centuries of
Christian love have broken down their nerves.
                        --Israel Zangwill--

There is much to be said in favor of modern journalism.  By
giving us the opinions of the uneducated, it keeps us in
touch with the ignorance of the community.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

Justice.....A commodity which in a more or less adulterated
           condition the State sells to the citizen as a
           reward for his allegiance, taxes and personal
           service.     --Ambrose Bierce--

Kill one man and you are a murderer.  Kill millions and you
are a conqueror.  Kill everyone and you are a God.
                        --Jean Rostand-

Every law is and infraction of liberty.
                        --Jeremy Bentham--

Lawyer.....One skilled in the circumvention of the law.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Lawyer.....One who protects us against robbery by taking
           away the temptation.      --H. L Mencken--

Layers are the only person in whom ignorance of the law
is not punished.        --Jeremy Bentham--

If law school is so hard to get through....how come there
are so many lawyers?    --Calvin Trillin--

Lawyers, I suppose, were children once.
                        --Charles Lamb--

Lawyers are ... operators of the toll bridge which anyone
in search of justice must cross.
                        --Jane Bryant Quinn--

Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting
before you get tired.   --Jules Renard--

It is always the best policy to tell the truth, unless
of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.
                        --Jerome K. Jerome--

The liberals can understand everything but people who
don't understand them.  --Lenny Bruce--

Liberal......A power worshipper without power.
                        --George Orwell--

A liberal is a person whose interests aren't at stake
at the moment.          --Willis Player--

A liberal is a man too broadminded to take his own
side in a quarrel.      --Robert Frost--

Liberty means responsibility; that is why most men
dread it.               --George Bernard Shaw--

Liberty doesn't work as well in practice as it does
in speeches.            --Will Rogers--

Life does not cease to be funny when people die and more than it
ceases to be serious when people laugh.  --George Bernard Shaw--

Life is not so bad if you have plenty of luch, a good physique and
not too much imagination.   --Christopher Isherwood--

Love is the most subtle form of self-interest.
                        --Holbrook Jackson--

Many a man in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying
the whole girl.         --Stephen Leacock--

It's possible to love a human being if you don't know them
too well.               --Charles Bukowski--

What is irritating about love is that it is a crime that
requires an accomplice.  --Charles Baudelaire--

When two people are under the influence of the most
violent, most insane, most delusive, and most transient
of passions, they are required to swear that they will
remain in htat excited, abnormal and exhausting condition
until death do them part.    --George Bernard Shaw--

Martyrdom is the only way in which a man can become
famous without ability.      --George Bernard Shaw--

Don't knock masturbation -- it's sex with someone I love!
                        --Woody Allen--

When it is a question of money, everybody is of
the same religion.      --Voltaire--

Virtue has Never been as respectable as money.
                        --Mark Twain--

Go into the street and give one man a lecture on morality and
another a dollar, and see which will respect you most.
                        --Samuel Johnson--

If you must choose between living with your mother-in-law
and blowing your brains out, don't hesitate -- blow out hers!
                        --Victorien Sardou--

Obscenity is what happens to shock some elderly and
ignorant magistrate.    --Bertrand Russell--

Obscenity is whatever gives a judge an erection.
                        --Anonymous--

The optimist thinks that this is the best of all possible
worlds, and the pessimist knows it.
                        --J. Robert Oppenheimer--

A paranoid is a man who knows a little of what's going on.
                        --William Burroughs--

The only people who seem to have nothing to do with the
education of the children are the parent.
                        --G. K. Chesterton--

Patience........A minor form of despair, disguised as a virtue.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for
trivial reasons.        --Bertrand Russell--

When you hear a man speak of his love for his country, it
is a sign he expects to get paid for it.   --H. L. Mencken--

Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.   --Oscar Wilde--

When there are two conflicting versions of the story,
the wise course is to believe the one in which people
appear at their worst.  --H. Allen Smith--

Pessimist....One who, when he has the choice of two evils,
             chooses both.    --Oscar Wilde--

A pessimist thinks everybody is as nasty as himself, and
hates them for it.      --George Bernard Shaw--

Philosophy teaches us to bear with equanimity the misfortunes
of others.              --Oscar Wilde--

The photographer is like the cod, which produces a million
eggs in order that one may reach maturity.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Politeness.........The most acceptable hypocrisy.
                        --Ambrose Bierce--

A good politician is quite as unthinkable as an honest burglar.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

One has to be a lowbrow, a bit of a murderer, to be a
politician, ready and willing to see people sacrificed,
slaughtered, for the sake of an idea, whether a good one
or a bad one.           --Henry Miller--

Take our politicians:  they're a bunch of yo-yos.  The
Presidency is now a cross between a popularity contest
and a high school debate, with an encyclopedia of cliches
the first prize.        --Saul Bellow--

Anybody that wants the presidency so much that he'll spend two
years organizing and campaigning for it is not to be trusted
with the office.        --David Broder--

Politics....Strife of interests masquerading as a contest
            of principles.   --Ambrose Bierce--

The standard of intellect in politics is lo low, men of
moderate mental capacity have to stoop to reach it.
                        --Hillaire Belloc--

All politics are based on the indifference of the majority.
                        --James Reston--

Pray......To ask the laws of the universe be annulled on
          behalf of a single petitioner who confesses his
          unworthiness.   --Ambrose Bierce--

I don't like principles.  I prefer prejudices.  They are more
honest.                 --Oscar Wilde--

A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely
rearranging their prejudices.    --William James--

Psychoanalysis makes quite simple people feel they're complex.
                        --S. N. Behrman--

Freud is the father of psychoanalysis.  It has no mother.
                        --Germaine Greer--

One should respect public opinion insofar as is necessary to
avoid starvation and keep out of prison, but anything that
goes beyond this is voluntary submission to an unnecesssary
tyranny.                --Bertrand Russell--

Ther is only one honest impulse at the bottom of Puritanical
religion, and that is the impulse to punish the man with a
superior capacity for happiness.
                        --H. L. Mencken--

The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're
still a rat.            --Lily Tomlin--

Ronald Reagan.....A Triumph of the embalmer's art.
                        --Gore Vidal--

All reformers, however strict their social conscience, live in
houses just as big as they can pay for.
                        --Logan Pearsall Smith--

Relations are simply a tedious pack of people who haven't got
the remotest knowledge of how to live, nor the smallest instinct
about when to die.      --Oscar Wilde--

All religions are founded on the fear of the many
and the the cleverness of the few.   --Stendahl--

Most religions do not make men better, only warier.
                        --Elias Canetti--

The idea of a good society is something you do not need a
religion and eternal puhishment to buttress; you need a
religion if you are terrified of death.    --Gore Vidal--

Randomness scares people.  Religion is a way to explain
randomness.             --Fran Lebowitz--

Religion is the fashinonable substitue for belief.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in hte
sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his
wife is beautiful and his children smart.   --H. L. Mencken--

Religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for
it trains people as to how they shall think.
                        --Arthur Schopenhauer--

Truth, in matters of religion, is simply the opinion that
that survived.          --Oscar Wilde--

We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough
to make us love one another.    --Jonathan Swift--

Ther was no respect for youth when I was young, and now that I
am old, there is not respect for age.  I missed it coming and
going.                  --J. B. Priestley--

The more things a man is ashamed of, the more respectable he is.
                        --George Bernard Shaw--

Every revolution evaporates and leaves behind only the
slime of a new bureaucracy.      --Franz Kafka--

Every man thinks God is on his side.  The rich and powerful
Know he is.             --Jean Anouilh--

Any preoccupation with ideas of what is right and wrong in
conduct shows and arrested intellectual development.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

If Geraldo Rivera is the first journalist in space, NASA can
test the effect of weightlessness on weightlessness.
                        --Anonymous but I wish I said it--

Most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing
people who can't talk for people who can't read.
                        --Frank Zappa--

Romance, like the rabbit at the dog track, is the elusive, fake,
and never attained reward which, for the benefit and amusement of
our masters, keeps us running and thinking in safe circles.
                        --Beverly Jones--

The salary of the chief executive of a large corporation is not a
market award for achievement.  It is frequently in the nature of a
warm personal gesture by the individual to himself.
                        --John Kenneth Galbraith--

School days, I believe, are the unhappiest in the whole span of
human existence.  They are full of dull, unintelligible tasks, new
and unpleasant ordinances, with brutal violations of common sense
and common decency.     --H. L. Mencken--

Self-sacrifice enables us to sacrifice other people without
blushing.               --George Bernard Shaw--

Sex.......The Pleasure is momentary, the position ridiculous, and
          expense damnable.      --Lord Chesterfield--

Is sex dirty?  Only if it's done right.    --Woody Allen--

I respect faith, but doubt is what gets you an education.
                        --Wilson Mizner--

Smoking is, as far as I am concerned, the entire point of being an
adult.  Many people find smoking objectionable.  I myself find many
--even more-- things objectionable.  I do not like aftershave
lotion, adults who roller-skate, children who speak French, or
nayone who is unduly tan.  I do not, however, go around enacting
legislation and putting up signs.       --Fran Lebowitz--

Stupidity is an elemental force for which no earthquake is a match.
                        --Karl Kraus--

If you attack stupidity you attack an entrenched interest with
friends in government and every walk of public life, and you will
make small progress against it.       --Samual Marchbanks--

Moderation is a fatal thing.  Nothing succeeds like excess.
                        --Oscar Wilde--

It is not enough to succeed.  Others must fail.
                        --Gore Vidal--

A Sunday School is a prison in which children so penance for
the evil conscience of their parents.   -- H. L. Mencken --

Like its politicians and its war, society has the teenagers it
deserves.               --J. B. Priestley--

I have only a small flickering light to guide me in the darkness of
a thick forest.  Up comes a theologian and blows it out.
                        --Dennis Diderot--

Few people think more than two or three times a year; I have made an
international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a
week.                   --George Bernard Shaw--

People who have given us their complete confidence believe that they
have a right to ours.  The inference is false; a gift confers no
rights.                 --Nietzsche--

As long as war is looked upon as wicked, it will always have its
fascination.  When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be
popular.                --Oscar Wilde--

Human war has been the most successful of our cultural traditions.
                        --Robert Ardrey--

As far as unwed mothers on welfare are concerned, it seems to me
they must be capable of some other form of labor.   --Al Capp--

I prefer the wicked rather than the foolish.  The wicked sometimes
rest.                   --Alexandre Dumas--

Wickedness is a myth invented by good people to account for the
curious attractiveness of others.    --Oscar Wilde--

Women are like elephants to me -- I like to look at 'em, but I
would'nt want to own one.         --W. C. Fields--

The history of woman is the history of the worst form of tyranny the
world has every known; the tyranny of the weak over the strong.  It
is the only tyranny that lasts.         --Oscar Wilde--

In the fight between you and the world, back the world.
                        --Frank Zappa--

If the world were a logical place, Men would ride side-saddle.
                        --Rita Mae Brown--

The young always have the same problem -- how to rebel and conform
at the same time.  They have now solved this by defying their
parents and copying one another.         --Quentin Crisp--

What is youth except a man or a woman before it is ready or fit to
be seen?                --Evelyn Waugh--

Next to a circus there ain't nothing that packs up and tears out any
quicker than the Christmas spirit.        --Kin Hubbard--

For Women Only
==============

A group of girlfriends is on vacation, when they see a 5-story hotel
with a sign that reads "For Women Only". Since they were without their
boyfriends or parents, they decide to go in.

The Bouncer, a very attractive guy, explains to them how it works. "We
have 5 floors... go up floor by floor, and once you find what you are
looking for, you can stay there. It's easy to decide, since each floor
has signs telling you what's inside".

So they start going up, and on the first floor the sign reads, "All the
men here have it short and thin". The friends laugh and without
hesitation move on to the next floor.

The sign on the Second floor read, "All the men here have it long and
thin". Still, this wasn't good enough so the friends move up to the
Third floor.

The sign read, "All the men here have it short and thick". This was
still another disappointment, but knowing there are still 2 floors
left, they move on to the next floor.

On the Fourth floor, the sign was perfect: "All the men here have it
long and thick". The women get all excited and are going in when they
realize that there is one floor left. Wondering what they were missing,
they go to the Fifth floor.

The sign reads, "There are no men here. This floor was built only to
prove that there is no way to please a woman".

       HOW TO BE ANNOYING

1. Adjust the tint on your tv so that all the people are green, and
   insist to others that you "like it that way".

2. Drum on every available surface.

4. Sing the Batman theme incessantly.

5. Staple papers in the middle of the page.

6. Ask 0800 operators for dates.

7. Produce a rental video consisting entirely of dire FBI copy warnings.

8. Sew anti-theft detector strips into people's backpacks.

9. Hide dairy products in inaccessible places.

10.Write the surprise ending to a novel on its first page.

11.Specify that your drive-through order is "to go".

12.Set alarms for random times.

13.Learn Morse code, and have conversations with friends in public
   consisting entirely of "Beeeep Bip Bip Beeeep Bip..."

14.Buy large quantities of mint dental floss just to lick the flavor off.

15.Leave your Nine Inch Nails tape in Great Uncle Ed's stereo, with the
   volume properly adjusted.

16.Publicly investigate just how slowly you can make a "croaking" noise.

17.Honk and wave to strangers.

18.Dress only in clothes colored Hunter's Orange.

19.Change channels five minutes before the end of every show.

20.Tape pieces of "Sweating to the Oldies" over climactic parts of
   rental movies.

21.Wear your pants backwards.

22.Decline to be seated at a restaurant, and simply eat their
   complementary mints by the cash register.

23.Begin all your sentences with "ooh la la!"

24.Rouse your roommate from slumber each morning with the song
   "Baby baluga".

25.Leave someones printer in compressed-italic-cyrillic-landscape mode.

26.ONLY TYPE IN UPPERCASE.

27.only type in lowercase.

28.dont use any punctuation either

29.Buy a large quantity of orange traffic cones and reroute whole
   streets.

30.Pay for your dinner with pennies.

31.Tie jingle bells to all your clothes.

32.Repeat everything someone says, as a question.

33.Write "X - BURIED TREASURE" in random spots on all of someone's
   roadmaps.

34.Inform everyone you meet of your personal Kennedy assasination/UFO/
   OJ Simpson conspiracy theories.

35.Repeat the following conversation a dozen times:
    "Do you hear that?"
    "What?"
    "Never mind, it's gone now."

36.Light road flares on a birthday cake.

37.Wander around the restaurant, asking other diners for their parsley.

38.Leave tips in Bolivian currency.

39.Demand that everyone address you as "Conquistador".

40.Push all the flat Lego pieces together tightly.

41.At the laundromat, use one dryer for each of your socks.

43.When Christmas carolling, sing "Jingle Bells, Batman smells" until
   physically restrained.

44.Wear a cape that says "Magnificent One".

45.As much as possible, skip rather than walk.

46.Stand over someone's shoulder, mumbling, as they read.

47.Finish the 99 bottles of beer song.

48.Sing the "This is the song that never ends..." song.  (Ya know, Lamb
   Chops?)

49.Leave your turn signal on for fifty miles.

50.Pretend your mouse is a CB radio, and talk to it.

51.Try playing the William Tell Overture by tapping on the bottom of
   your chin.

52.When nearly done, announce "no, wait, I messed it up", and repeat.

53.Drive half a block.

54.Name your dog "Dog".

55. Inform others that they exist only in your imagination.

56.Ask people what gender they are.

57.Reply to everything someone says with "that's what YOU think."

58.Lick the filling out of all the Oreos, and place the cookie parts
   back in the tray.

59.Cultivate a Norwegian accent.  If Norwegian, affect a Southern Drawl.

60.Forget the punchline to a long joke, but assure the listener it was
   a "real hoot".

61.Routinely handcuff yourself to furniture, informing the curious that
   you don't want to fall off "in case the big one comes".

62.Follow a few paces behind someone, spraying everything they touch
   with a can of Lysol.

63.Deliberately hum songs that will remain lodged in co-workers' brains,
   such as "Feliz Navidad", the Archies' "Sugar" or the Mr.  Rogers
   theme song.

64.While making presentations, occasionally bob your head like a
   parakeet.

65.Lie obviously about trivial things such as the time of day.

66.Make beeping noises when a large person backs up.

67.Leave your Christmas lights up and lit until September.

68.Change your name to John Aaaaasmith for the great glory of being
   first in the phone book.  Claim it's a Hawaiian name, and demand that
   people pronounce each A.

69.Sit in your front yard pointing a hair dryer at passing cars to see
   if they slow down.

70.Chew on pens that you've borrowed.

71.Invent nonsense computer jargon in conversations, and see if people
   play along to avoid the appearance of ignorance.

72.Wear a LOT of cologne.

73.Ask to "interface" with someone.

74.Listen to 33rpm records at 45rpm speed, and claim the faster speed
   is necessary because of your "superior mental processing".

75.Sing along at the opera.

76.Mow your lawn with scissors.

77.At a golf tournament, chant "swing-batatatatatata-suhWING-batter!"

78.Finish all your sentences with the words "in accordance with
   prophesy".

79.Ask the waitress for an extra seat for your "imaginary friend".

80.Go to a poetry recital and ask why each poem doesn't rhyme.

81.Ask your co-workers mysterious questions, and scribble their answers
   in a notebook.  Mutter something about "psychological profiles".

82.Incessantly recite annoying phrases, such as "sticky wicket isn't
   cricket".

83.Stare at static on the tv and claim you can see a "magic picture".

84.Select the same song on the jukebox fifty times.

85.Scuff your feet on a dry, shaggy carpet and seek out victims.

86.Do not add any inflection to the end of your sentences, producing
   awkward silences with the impression that you'll be saying more any
   moment.

87 Never make eye contact.

88.Never break eye contact.

89.Signal that a conversation is over by clamping your hands over your
   ears.

90.Construct elaborate "crop circles" in your front lawn.

91.Construct your own pretend "tricorder", and "scan" people with it,
   announcing the results.

92.Give a play-by-play account of a person's every action in a nasal
   Howard Cossell voice.

93.Holler random numbers while someone is counting.

94.Make appointments for the 31st of September.

95.Remove the third item from every list

96.Send fifty copies of this list to everyone you know.

NOTICE OF REVOCATION OF INDEPENDENCE

To the citizens of the United States of America;

In the light of your failure to elect a President of the USA and thus
to govern yourselves, we hereby give notice of the revocation of your
independence, effective today.

Her Sovereign Majesty Queen Elizabeth II will resume monarchical duties
over all states, commonwealths and other territories, except Utah,
which she does not fancy. Your new prime minister (The Rt. Hon. Tony
Blair, MP for the 97.85% of you who until now have not been aware that
there is a world outside your borders) will appoint a minister for
America without the need for further elections. Congress and the Senate
will be disbanded. A questionnaire will be circulated next year to
determine whether any of you noticed.

To aid in the transition to a British Crown Dependency, the following
rules are introduced with immediate effect:

1. You should look up "revocation" in the Oxford English Dictionary.
Then look up "aluminium". Check the pronunciation guide. You will be
amazed at just how incorrectly you have been pronouncing it. Generally,
you should raise your vocabulary to acceptable levels. Look up
"vocabulary". Using the same twenty-seven words interspersed with
filler noises such as "like" and "you know" is an unacceptable and
inefficient form of communication. Look up "interspersed".

2. There is no such thing as "US English". We will let Microsoft know
on your behalf.

3. You should learn to distinguish the English and Australian accents.
It really isn't that hard.

4. Hollywood will be required occasionally to cast English actors as
the good guys.

5. You should relearn your original national anthem, "God Save The
Queen", but only after fully carrying out task 1. We would not want you
to get confused and give up half way through.

6. You should stop playing American "football". There is only one kind
of football. What you refer to as American "football" is not a very
good game. The 2.15% of you who are aware that there is a world outside
your borders may have noticed that no one else plays "American"
football. You will no longer be allowed to play it, and should instead
play proper football.

Initially, it would be best if you played with the girls. It is a
difficult game. Those of you brave enough will, in time, be allowed to
play rugby (which is similar to American "football", but does not
involve stopping for a rest every twenty seconds or wearing full kevlar
body armour like nancies). We are hoping to get together at least a US
rugby sevens side by 2005.

7. You should declare war on Quebec and France, using nuclear weapons
if they give you any merde. The 97.85% of you who were not aware that
there is a world outside your borders should count yourselves lucky. 
The Russians have never been the bad guys. "Merde" is French for
"sh*t".

8. July 4th is no longer a public holiday. November 8th will be a new
national holiday, but only in England. It will be called "Indecisive
Day".

9. All American cars are hereby banned. They are cr*p and it is for
your own good. When we show you German cars, you will understand what
we mean.

10. Please tell us who killed JFK. It's been driving us crazy for
almost forty years.

Thank you for your cooperation.

What is your horoscope?


AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 - Feb. 18) - You are truthful and virtuous. On
the other hand, you are inclined to be careless and impractical,
causing you to make the same mistakes repeatedly. Everyone thinks
you are a fucking jerk.

PISCES (Feb. 19 - Mar. 20) - You have a vivid imagination and
often think you are being followed by the FBI or CIA. You have a
minor influence over your friends and people resent you for
flaunting your power. You lack confidence and are generally a
coward. Pisces people screw small animals and pick their noses a
lot.

ARIES (Mar. 21 - April 19) - You are a pioneer type and hold most
people in contempt. You are quick-tempered, impatient and
scornful of advice. You are a prick. You like having sex in
crowds and switching up on partners.

TAURUS (April 20 - May 20) - You are practical and persistent.
You have lots of determination and work like hell. Most people
think you are a snob and bull-headed. You are nothing but a
god-damned communist who loves oral sex.

GEMINI (May 21 - June 20) - You are a quick and intelligent
thinker. People like you because you are bisexual. However, you
are inclined to expect too much for too little. This means you
are a cheap bastard. Geminis are notorious for thriving in
incest.

CANCER (June 20 - July 22) - You are sympathetic and
understanding to other's problems. They think you are a sucker.
You are always putting things off. This is why you will always be
on welfare and wont be worth shit.

LEO (July 23 - Aug. 22) - You consider yourself a born leader.
Others think you are a pussy. Most Leos are bullies, You are vain
and cannot tolerate honest criticism. Your arrogance is
disgusting. Leo people are thieving bastards and kiss mirrors a
lot. Most Leos have herpes.

VIRGO (Aug. 23 - Sept. 22) - You are the logical type and hate
disorder. This nit-picking is sickening to your friends. You are
cold and unemotional and often fall asleep while screwing. Virgos
make good busdrivers and pimps.

LIBRA (Sept. 23 - Oct. 22) - You are the artistic type and have a
difficult time with reality. If you are male, you are probably
queer. Chances for employment and money gains are pathetic. Most
Libra women are whores. Most Libras die of venereal disease.

SCORPIO (Oct. 23 - Nov. 21) - You are shrewd in business and
cannot be trusted. You will screw anything from a witch to a
water buffalo. You are a perfect son-of-a-bitch. Most Scorpios
are shot in the back.

SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22 - Dec. 21) You are optimistic and
enthusiastic. You have a reckless tendency to rely on luck, since
you have no talent. The majority of Sagittarians are drunks or
potheads. People laugh at you a lot because you are always
getting screwed.

CAPRICORN (Dec. 22 - Jan. 19) - You are conservative and afraid
of taking risks. You are basically a chickenshit. There was never
a Capricorn of any importance. You should kill yourself.

 
              An FYI Guide. How to Identify the Driver's Home:
              ************************************************
 
        One hand on wheel, one hand on horn:  New York
 
        One hand on wheel, one finger out window:  Chicago
 
        One hand on wheel, one hand on newspaper, foot solidly on
        accelerator:  Boston
 
        One hand on wheel, one hand in pants, cradling cell phone in lap,
           brick on accelerator:  California*
           * with gun also in lap: L.A.
 
        Both hands on top of wheel, one foot on brake, watching
        pedestrians cross against the light:  San Francisco
 
        One hand on the wheel, one hand drumming (with drum stick) on
        the dash board, Lap top on top of the Dashboard, left foot tapping,
        right foot on the accelerator, head bobbing from side
        to side:  Silicon Valley, listening to KEZR
 
        Both hands on wheel, eyes shut, both feet on brake, quivering in
        terror:  Ohio, but driving in Boston.
 
        Both hands in air, gesturing, both feet on accelerator,
        head turned to talk to someone in back seat:  Italy
 
        Both hands praying to Gates, knee on wheel, cradling cell phone in
        lap, foot on brake, mind on Win95 GUI:  Seattle
 
        Both hands on steering wheel in a relaxed posture, eyes constantly
        checking the rear-view mirror to watch for visible emissions from
        their own or another's car:  Colorado
 
        One hand on steering wheel, yelling obscenities, the other hand
        waving a gun out the window and firing repeatedly, keeping a
        careful eye out  for landmarks along the way so as to be able
        to come back and pick up any bullets that didn't hit other
        motorists so as not to litter:  Colorado resident on spotting
        a car with New York plates.
 


Subject:  Humorous practical jokes(Part 1 of 6)
------------------------------------------------------------
GREAT PRACTICAL JOKES FOR ANNOYING (AND KEEPING) FRIENDS

THE FOLLOWING PRACTICAL JOKES ARE A COMBINATION OF THINGS I HAVE PULLED
AND SUGGESTIONS I BORROWED FROM THE INTERNET. THESE SHOULD NOT UPSET YOUR
FRIENDS TOO MUCH, BUT BE CAREFUL WHO YOU PLAY THESE ON AS I AM NOT
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY REVENGE YOUR "MARK"(VICTIM) MAY TAKE ON YOU--A.W.C.

1.  Fill your victim's pillow with shaving cream and put slashes through
the top of the case.  When his/her head hits the pillow, all the shaving
cream will go through the slits and cover your friends head.

2.  An old standard...if your victim falls asleep face up with a hand out,
put shaving cream in his/her hand.  Then tickle their nose with a feather
and let their instincts do the rest.

3.  Put iodine tablets in the shower head...or jello mix...both work
really good.

4.  Remove the bedsprings from the mattress.  When the person goes to bed,
the mattress will slip right through the frame.

5.  Buy about 10 glad bags full of those styrofoam peanuts. "Borrow"
someone's car keys when they aren't looking, and bring 3 or 4 strong
people with you.  Close all the windows and lock all the doors except the
drivers side.  Have as many people as you need tip the car and hold it so
it doesn't fall while you fill the car with those peanuts through the open
driver's door.  Close the door, gently put the car down, and quietly put
the car keys back.  Act none the wiser when your friend throws a shit fit
when he/she finds their car full of styrofoam.  You can rest assured that
all the peanuts will never come out of the car.  Try not to laugh the next
time you are in the car and peanuts come rolling out from under the seat.

6.  Same idea as 5...different material.  Get a five gallon bucket of
styrofoam beads that are not expanded and a bottle of activator fluid.
Dump the beads into the car.  Quickly empty the bottle of fluid into the
car, close the door and run!  The inside of the car is now a solid block
of styrofoam.

7.  "Captain's log: Stardate 2734.3.  'I am nailed to the hull.'"

8.  You know all those 1)800 numbers on T.V.?  No, not the phone sex
1)900...the numbers that are selling everything from the "Collection of
the Best Love Songs Ever Written" to Ginsu knives to the Ronco pocket
fisherman!  Order everything in your mark's name...most of them will
deliver P.O.D.  About a week later, the mark will be screaming about who
the fuck is sending him Elvis Commemorative Dinner Plates and the Bamboo
Steamer.

9.  We pulled this one on two girls in college.  They went to pick up
their parents at the airport for Parent's Weekend.  We carded our way into
their room (American Express...never leave home without it!) and
completely switched the sides of the room. Everything from their posters
to the contents of their drawers and closets.  You should have heard it!
("And this is our...wait a minute...I thought I was...and weren't you
over...what the hell?")

10.  A friend of mine stayed down at school over the winter break one
time.  While everyone else was at home for Christmas, he went out to the
lumber yard, bought studs, sheetrock, and paint, and walled over a
friend's dorm room door.  It was completely gone! How would you like to
return to school to find your dorm room missing?

Humorous practical jokes(Part 2 of 6)
------------------------------------------------------------
GREAT PRACTICAL JOKES FOR ANNOYING (AND KEEPING) FRIENDS

THE FOLLOWING PRACTICAL JOKES ARE A COMBINATION OF THINGS I HAVE PULLED
AND SUGGESTIONS I BORROWED FROM THE INTERNET. THESE SHOULD NOT UPSET YOUR
FRIENDS TOO MUCH, BUT BE CAREFUL WHO YOU PLAY THESE ON AS I AM NOT
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY REVENGE YOUR "MARK"(VICTIM) MAY TAKE ON YOU))A.W.C.
************************************************************

11.  Two guys in our corridor were the mail people for the hall and would
frequently raid our care packages from home for goodies.  Well, we waited
until they were at a long lecture, and we carded our way in and completely
emptied their room into the kitchenette down the hall.  We set it up to
look just like their room.  When they came back and found their room
empty, and then went to the kitchenette and found us sleeping on their
beds, wearing their clothes, etc....I wish I had a picture.

12.  If you know someone who lives in a house with a garage, bring those
three our four strong people who helped you with the styrofoam peanuts,
and lay in wait for the unfortunate person to leave his garage door open
AND park the car in the garage AND go in for dinner.  Quietly slip into
the garage and lift the car and rotate it 90 degrees.  Imagine walking
into your garage for a quick trip to the store and seeing your car parked
in this position.

13.  Here's an improvement on #10 thanks to a group of adventurous R.A.'s.
They took newspaper, water, and flour and made some paper mache.  They
then got some fencing, put it in a fellow R.A.'s doorway, and covered the
fencing with the mache, which walled over the guy's door.  They went a
step further and moved a billboard that was hanging in the hall to where
his door was supposed to be.  They also removed his picture from the
display case downstairs.  The idea was to completely eliminate any hint of
his existence.  They wanted to change the number plates on the doorways so
the numbers would not skip, but by the time that had been thought of, the
door had already been walled over.  Anyway, then the female wing RA
declared herself emperor since there was no more competition.

14.  Here's a good technical one.  Look up "Cryogenics" in the phone book
and go there and buy a couple liters of liquid nitrogen (@$1.80 per liter)
and a styrofoam cooler. Take about three cans of shaving cream and put
them along with the liquid nitrogen in the cooler and close the lid. Once
the can and contents are frozen, put on a pair of thick rubber gloves and
eye goggles, and using a pair of pliers, peel off the can and put the now
frozen block of un)expanded shaving cream back in the nitrogen.  Then take
the cooler with you to the mark's car, take the three blocks of shaving
cream and put them inside it and close the door.  Three cans should be
enough to pressurize a small car.  I can just imagine someone trying to
figure out how someone piped that much shaving cream into their car.

15.  This one requires the cooperation of every student in a class.
Everyone should simply be a bit louder, more restless, when the teacher is
on the right side of the board than when he/she is on the left.  By the
end of the semester, the teacher was writing in the bottom left hand
corner of the board.

16.  Another good way to control a teacher...when he/she is on the left
side, the people on the right should pay more attention to them.  When
they're on the other side, the class gradually shifts the attention to the
left.  You can keep some of them walking back and forth for the duration
of the class.

17.  If you take a record album cover and fill it full of shaving cream,
the slot end still fits under a door.  If you then slam a big book on it,
say like a calculus text, the shaving cream goes under the door, into the
room, with good velocity and disperses over a fairly large angle, making a
huge mess.  ***NOTE*** If you are in your room and you see an album cover
coming under the door, go to the door and stand on the end.  This will
cause the reverse effect, and will cover the prankster instead.  If you
are quiet enough, they will think they screwed up and may even try again.

18.  For an instant dust storm, blow dry a pile of baby powder under
someone's door.  Winter cometh.

19.  Paper up the outside of a dorm room's door frame with newspaper, and
then fill the void between the newspaper and the door with popcorn.  When
the person gets up for their shower the next day...

20.  Rather than newspaper on the doorframe, use some Saran Wrap. Tape
some strips across, making sure not to leave any wrinkles. Be careful to
leave the bottom part of the door uncovered to avoid the suction effect.
I need not explain what happens to a person accidentally walking into an
invisible wall.  For best results, try it the morning after a really
alcohol-laden night.

Subject:  Humorous practical jokes(Part 3 of 6)
------------------------------------------------------------
GREAT PRACTICAL JOKES FOR ANNOYING (AND KEEPING) FRIENDS
THE FOLLOWING PRACTICAL JOKES ARE A COMBINATION OF THINGS I HAVE PULLED
AND SUGGESTIONS I BORROWED FROM THE INTERNET. THESE SHOULD NOT UPSET YOUR
FRIENDS TOO MUCH, BUT BE CAREFUL WHO YOU PLAY THESE ON AS I AM NOT
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY REVENGE YOUR "MARK"(VICTIM) MAY TAKE ON YOU))A.W.C.
************************************************************
21.  A variant of the paper on the door is to quietly stack empty pop or
beer cans in the doorway.  When the mark comes out in the morning, the
vacuum caused by the inward opening door makes a huge clatter.

22.  Take the receiver from a phone apart and grate garlic on the inside
of the transmitter cover.  Have several people call and say something
like, "Wow, your breath stinks...what have you been eating?"

23.  Completely empty someone's room and re-assemble it out in the quad.

24.  After learning how to easily pick locks, it is possible to enter
someone's room and move all the furniture an inch every day.  When you
come back to move it the next day, it's all back in place again.  And then
you move everything again...

25.  Take some Saran Wrap and cover the top of an empty drinking glass.
Stretch it really good and cut the edges with an X-Acto knife or razor
blade (it will stay).  After spilling their drinks around the sides of the
glass or bouncing their ice cubes, a lot of different reactions take
place:  some people turn the glass over and try again, some people look
around, ...

26.  If you have a chemistry class, when you have to work with some
chemical that you and your lab partner have not worked with before, tell
your lab partner that your last lab partner in high school got his/her
face burned off because they let it overheat. This is of course assuming
you will be working with bunsen burners...duh!  Then, when your partner is
watching the temperature really close, sneak up behind them with a paper
bag filled with air...you know the rest.

27.  Again for science students...if your science class works with a
generator of some type, sneak into the lab at night.  Wire the generator
to the metal screws in someone's desk.  The next day when they sit
down....ZZZZZZZAAAAAPPP!

28.  Put dry ice in a toilet, add bubble bath, the cut open one of those
green Kryptonite-looking glow sticks (carefully) and pour the contents
into the now frothing toilet bowl.  Unscrew the bathroom lightbulb.
Imagine the surprise of a mark who, coming into the darkened bathroom late
at night and perhaps drunk, finds a horrible green glowing, frothing mass
pouring from the john.

29.  At night, when your friend/victim comes home, before the dew settles,
take ordinary white flour and sprinkle all over the car. Makes one helluva
mess by morning, but does no damage and can be washed off easily.
***WARNING*** Do not do this to a ragtop car...IT WILL DO DAMAGE!

30.  This is a harmless one.  Take all the old dead "D" cell batteries you
can find, and toss them on the roof of someone's house during the night.
They land with a crash, then they bump down the shingles 'til they hit the
gutter. Several times we heard screams coming from within the house! (The
person who actually did this said 'maybe you had to be there')

Subject: Humorous practical jokes (Part 4 of 6)
------------------------------------------------------------

31.  Take some ordinary speaker wire and put some alligator clips on each
end.  If you don't know enough about cars you may need some help with
this, but then crawl under someone's car and wire the brakelights to the
horn.  Every time he/she steps on the brakes, they'll look around and say,
"Who is that honking?"  He kept getting these angry looks, and finally we
cracked up and spoiled the joke.

32.  This from an ingenious guy at Stanford.  He lived across from a
triple room of girls.  He carded into their room and secreted a number of
small, wireless speakers in a variety of hiding places around their room.
When they returned, he was across the hall in his room with a microphone.
The girls were mightily perturbed when a strange voice began addressing
them from thin air.  Mighty clever with concealing those mikes too...he
had to hear them!  The girls never discovered them, and I think he
"bugged" them for the better part of two quarters.

33.  Pour flour into someone's blowdryer...not too much, just about one
tablespoon full.  They get out of the shower, with hair all wet
and...POOF...they become Beetlejuice.

34.  From Ohio State...some dweeb left for a couple of weeks during term.
He liked to get up at some obscene hour and did not turn his alarm off
before leaving.  Everyday, it howled for an hour before reseting itself
for the next day.  Finally, the neighbors carded into the room and shut
the damn thing off.  The next night a whole group of them sat down with a
box of paper and ripped and shredded for about two hours.  They then
proceeded to stuff everything with the paper.  Every sock, drawer, pocket,
cup, the bed, cassette boxes(not all of them...just enough to make him
worry), between pages of books, the egg tray...you get the idea.  When the
dweeb came back, he sits on the bed and hears "CRUNCH".  He then laid
back, forgetting to check the pillow. "CRUNCH".  Getting paranoid, he
checked the fridge..."WHOOSH!" Everyone is home for the summer now.  They
like to think he is still finding pieces of paper everywhere.

35.  As far as showers go, how about sneaking into the water room and
shutting off the water when everyone is all soaped up?  Or just the hot
water part?

36.  For a minor inconvenience, try smearing vaseline on the windshield
wipers.  Next time it rains, wah-la!  Instant smearstorm!  If your friend
has double wipers, the more the merrier.  You can use up a whole can of
vaseline on just one wiper.  Wow!  And to think it will last for months!

37.  Take a vacuum and un-screw the ON/OFF switch and remove the wire that
makes the switch work.  Tie a knot in the cord aboutfive feet away from
the vacuum end.  Go to a person's room who is trusting and sleeps with his
door unlocked.  Quietly put the vacuum inside, slipping the cord under the
door with the knot just on the outside.  Close the door and penny the mark
in.  Then go plug in the vacuum and sit back and enjoy.  The person will
try to un-plug it, then when that doesn't work, will throw the switch to
turn it off, and when that doesn't work, will go and try to open the door.
At the sound of their scream, un-plug it. Wait 30 minutes and repeat.
***DISCLAIMER***  This trick is not completely safe...some hosehead may
try to disconnect the switch and electrocute himself.

38.  Make a photocopy of a some shocking or disgusting photo, something
that would embarrass somebody, and put the paper back in the copiers paper
supply, down about a dozen sheets.  Chances are, page 3 of the fourth guys
memo will be way less boring than all the other pages on all the copies of
the memo.

39.  "Captain's log:  Stardate 2841.9.  'Today I dreamed I turned into a
Klingon...then woke up in bed with a hangover...and a Klingon.'"

40.  Let's say someone you know is about to do some visual presentation.
Take the same disgusting photo and put it down in the pile of his notes.
During the lecture, no one will know why the mark started choking and
laughing un-controllably when he got to page five.

41.  We did this one to our choir director when we were in Germany.  We
were doing a concert for this small town and we felt we needed to liven
"Doc" Wabrick up, so we slipped a naked picture of a 500 pound woman
inside the front cover of "Ave Maria", the third song.  We finished
singing song #2, Doc opened Ave Maria, turned bright red, started
chuckling, and quietly said to us, "You sons of bitches..."  He got us
back...at the end of song #4, we were supposed to hold a note for 8
counts.  He made us hold it for 24.

42.  Here's another joke we played on good old "Doc".  Let's say you have
a buddy in the tenor section who has a solo during a song, like we did.
When Doc pointed at Tim to sing, the entire baritone section came in
instead.

Subject: Humorous practical jokes (Part 5 of 6)
------------------------------------------------------------
GREAT PRACTICAL JOKES FOR ANNOYING (AND KEEPING) FRIENDS

************************************************************

43.  Take a large garbage can into an elevator and fill it with whatever
you care to add (soap with chicken livers, hearts, etc., I'm told works
well).  The said can is tipped forward when the doors close, so when the
next person to use the elevator opens the door...

44.  Card your way into your buddy's room with a mannequin and some rope.
Hang it from a noose out his window.  You WILL get a response!

45.  If you don't mind spending a few bucks, here's a good one. Most
people wash their colors separate from their whites separate from their
underwear.  Find out exactly what size this person wears, go buy roughly
the amount they usually put in and some pink dye.  When they leave the
laundry room, take their stuff out, put it in another machine(remember,
we're making and keeping friends here!), and then put your bought stuff
into that washer with the dye.  Let them freak about all their whites
being turned white until your sides ache from laughing then let them off
the hook.

46.  Feeling nasty?  Pick a buddy who has a girlfriend and recruit another
female to help you.  Wait until he is in his room without her, preferably
with other people.  Have the recruited female call and say, "_________,
I...I...I...I'm pregnant!!! (crying noises, etc.)"  This happened to
someone down the hall my junior year.  Ye gods, he was out of the room in
less than a minute to see his girlfriend.

47.  Take an onion, cut it up, then throw it into the dryer.
Hooooooeeeeee!

48.  Get a balloon and put some crushed dry ice in it and tie off the end.
If you know what someone is going to wear that day, stuff the balloon in
his back pocket before he puts it on.  As the dry ice evaporates, slowly
it will inflate the balloon, and the victim's butt will transform into
interesting shapes without them noticing.  Once they do notice, which is
when they are sitting down in class, the balloon is too large to take out
without making a stir.

49.  Use clear scotch tape to tape down the handle on the sprayer nozzle
on the kitchen sink.  Take care to point the sprayer toward where someone
would stand while turning on the faucet. Great effect...instant face full
of water as soon as the faucet is turned on.

50.  If you have a roommate who gets up before you do, this one's
good...Wait until the mark has gone to bed and is soundly sleeping.  Set
every clock you have forward one hour.  This includes watches, car clocks,
VCR clocks, all alarms, everything that indicates a time.  Usually they
wind up at class before they realize what is going on.

51.  Finally, a high school chemistry teacher's revenge...he was doing a
demonstration with liquid nitrogen and was explaining how to safely handle
the stuff.  He proceeded to put on heavy rubber gloves and then placed his
thumb in the nitrogen.  After about a minute he took his thumb out and
proceeded to thump it on the table to prove that it was frozen solid.
Then he pulled out a hammer and began pounding his thumb until the glove
split and "thumb" started spraying everywhere.  Only after the entire
class was staring with their mouths open did he reveal that he stuffed a
hot dog into the glove and folded his thumb over his

52.  Break open one of those bean-bag-balls and pour about a cupful down
the heater/air conditioner duct of the victim's vehicle.  Simulated
snowstorm the next time the fan is turned on.

53.  Wet down all of someone's underwear and freeze it into one big lump.

54.  Here's one if you are really bored...put some hydrogen peroxide in a
jar and catch a fly and add him to the jar.  Once the fly is asleep, take
a hair about five inches long and tie it to one of the fly's legs.  Then
take a small strip of lightweight paper and attach it to the other end of
the hair.  On the paper should be an advertisement such as "For a good
time call...". When the fly awoke, it would fly around, very slowly, but
the paper will stream behind similar to the advertising banners carried by
old crop dusters.

Here's the final installment, gang!
------------------------------------------------------------
GREAT PRACTICAL JOKES FOR ANNOYING (AND KEEPING) FRIENDS

THE FOLLOWING PRACTICAL JOKES ARE A COMBINATION OF THINGS I HAVE PULLED
AND SUGGESTIONS I BORROWED FROM THE INTERNET. THESE SHOULD NOT UPSET YOUR
FRIENDS TOO MUCH, BUT BE CAREFUL WHO YOU PLAY THESE ON AS I AM NOT
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY REVENGE YOUR "MARK"(VICTIM) MAY TAKE ON YOU))A.W.C.
************************************************************

55.  There was a student room next to a bathroom.  The pranksters diddled
with the wiring of the room and the bathroom so that the light switch in
each controlled the lights in both, i.e. if one switch was on the other
was on too.  You can watch from the outside windows when someone goes to
bed and unwittingly turns out the lights in the bathroom.  The person in
the bathroom swears and turns them back on.  The person in the room turns
them off again.  This alternates for a while: ON, OFF, ON, OFF, etc.,
getting faster and faster, until both people are standing by the switches
flicking them on and off as fast as they can. Eventually, they figure out
what's going on.

56.  Here's a good way to bother guys who have women in their rooms.  You
plant a soccer ball in front of their door and kick the ball squarely into
the door as hard as you can. The ball gets caught between the door and the
opposite wall and bounces back and forth a good number of times before the
occupant (with rapidly diminishing lump in shorts) emerges red)faced and
quite finished.

57.  Take a bowling ball, grease it up real good with vaseline, including
the holes, and place it holes down in a toilet.  Makes for a real good
couples activity.

58.  Take a concrete block, about 20 lbs., pack it up in a cardboard box
using plenty of nylon packing tape and mail it to someone you know has to
walk a good distance to get their mail. Take care to use their parents
address as the return address, insure the package for $1,000 and put $.50
postage on it.  The mark will get to the post office, find a heavy package
that he can't open, but figures it's worth a lot because it's from mom and
dad and is insured for $1,000.  Carries it all the way back to where
he/she lives before finding out what the package held.

59.  One fraternity ordered their pledges to down 15 bushels of long,
green onions in 10 minutes.  Only 3 guys puked. Then they had to find a
girl and tell her a bedtime story nose-to-nose.

60.  The same fraternity took 15 pledges off campus, heads covered by
pillowcases, out to the edge of a forest.  The actives took all the
pledges clothes except shoes and underwear and tied their hands together.
They then took off, telling the pledges to find their own way back to
campus.  Once out of the forest, there they were in the middle of a city,
15 guys in their underwear, holding hands.

61.  A guy filled a friend's cabinet (the shelf kind over the desk!) with
those styrofoam packing things so that when the guy opened it, they'd fall
out all over the place.  But someone warned this guy, so he came in late
the night before the gag and emptied the packing things out of the
cabinet.  The next day, the guy who perpetrated the joke came in and hung
around the guy's office, waiting for him to open the cabinet.  The
intended mark would make a move to open it, and then decide to do
something else instead.  Finally, he let the guy off the hook by opening
it up and blowing the joke.

62.  "Captain's log:  Stardate 3010.4.  "Was ready to do my laundry when
it disappeared suddenly.  Found out it was accidentally beamed over to a
passing Vulcan ship...they fed it to the dogs on board."

63.  I got home from class one day to find that the Christmas Tree that
was in the lobby of the dorm had been moved to my room. I had to do a
double take before I could convince myself that I actually saw it there.

64.  Even construction workers can have fun.  One worker walked over to
his partner, who was working with a rookie and said that he thought the
wall they were working on was too short.  He stepped back and looked at it
and decided this was true.  They discussed and decided that it would be
easy to fix if they had a 'wall stretcher'.  The rookie, hearing the
conversation, thought nothing when they asked him to drive a couple blocks
down to another site and borrow one.  This should have embarrassed the
rookie, but when he asked if they had one, they said 'SURE'. They went out
to their truck and dug around until they found something that would work.
The rookie came back with some winch thingie that must have weighed at
least 40 pounds.  The partners looked at each other, wondering what they
should say, trying not to crack up as the joke wasn't working as they had
planned.  A few minutes later the other crew drove up and yelled from the
street, "You didn't think we had one, did you?"  This is when the rookie
finally realized he'd been duped.

65.  Here's a variation on #64.  On board a ship, a chief will send a new
sailor to go find '50 feet of fallopian tube' or '2 gallons of
ball-bearing grease'...neither of which exist.  The thing that makes it
work is the whole ship knows about it, so when Joe Q. Squid shows up on
the galley with his request, they send him to the flight deck, the flight
deck sends him to the engine room, and so on...

Th-th-th-that's all f-f-folks...
Coming soon to a theater near you...
Evil Practical Jokes

Andy Cramer
------------------------------------------------------------

_ _, _ ___ _, __,  _, _  _, ___ _  _, _, _ _  _, __,  _, _  _ ___ __,
| |\ | |_ / \ | )  |\/| / \  |  | / \ |\ | | (_  | ) / \ |  | |_  | )
| | \| |  \ / |~\  |  | |~|  |  | \ / | \| | , ) |~  \ / |/\| |   |~\
~ ~  ~ ~   ~  ~  ~ ~  ~ ~ ~  ~  ~  ~  ~  ~ ~  ~  ~    ~  ~  ~ ~~~ ~  ~

  The Warning Signs Of Insanity

1. Your friends tell you that you have been acting strange lately,
   and then you hit them several times with a sledgehammer.
2. Everyone you meet appears to have tentacles growing out of
   places that you wouldn't expect tentacles to be growing from.
3. You start out each morning with a 30-minute jog around the
   bathroom.
4. You write to your mother in Germany every week, even though
   she sends you mail from Iowa asking why you never write.
5. Every time you see a street sign, you have a tremendous urge to
   relieve yourself on it.
6. You wear your boxers on your head because you heard it will
   ward of evil dandruff spirits.
7. You're always having to apologize to your next door neighbor for
   setting fire to his lawn decorations.
8. Every commercial you hear on the radio reminds you of popsicles.
9. People stay away from you whenever they hear you howl.
10. Your breath smells more and more like squirrel dung each passing day.
11. You laugh out loud during funerals.
12. When your doctor tells you to say ah, you yell out "RAPE! RAPE!"
13. Nobody listens to you anymore, because they can't understand
    you through your scuba mask.
14. You begin to stop and consider all of the blades of grass you've
    stepped on as a child, and worry that their ancestors are going to
    one day seek revenge.
15. You have meaningful conversations with your toaster.
16. Your father pretends you don't exist, just to play along with your
    little illusion.
17. You collect dead windowsill flies.
18. Everytime the phone rings, you shout, "Hey! Peanut Butter Jelly!!"
19. You like cats.  Especially with mayo.
20. You scream "I've got a knife!" to people who try to sell you things.
21. You scream "I've got a knife!" to people at your family reunion.
22. You cry at the end of every episode of Gilligan's Island, because
    they weren't rescued.
23. You put tennis balls in the microwave to see if they'll hatch.
24. Whenever you listen to the radio, the music sounds backwards.
25. You have a predominant fear of fabric softener.
26. You wake up each morning and find yourself sitting on your head
    in the middle of your front lawn.
27, Your dentist asks you why each individual tooth has your name
    etched on it, and you tell him it's for security reasons.
28. Melba toast excites you.
29. When the waiter asks for your order, you ask to go into another
    room to tell him, because "the napkins have ears."
30. You tend to agree with everything your mother's dead uncle tells you.
31. Every time you see the commercial for the Hair Club For Men,
    you think to yourself, "I think I'll kill the pope today."
32. You call up random people and ask if you can borrow their dog,
    just for a few minutes.
33. Your main goal in life is to become the president of Bulemia.
34. Nearly everything you say involves the word, "P-toing!"
35. You argue with yourself about which is better, to be eaten by a
    koala or to be loved by an infectious disease.
36. You like to sit in cornfields for prolonged periods of time, and
    pretend that you're a stalk.
37. You think that exploding wouldn't be so bad, once you got used to it.
38. You try to make a list of the Warning Signs of Insanity. (cough)
39. People offer you help, but you unfortunately interpret this as a
    violation of your rights as a boysenberry.
40. You like reading lists like this. :)

There is a beautiful deserted island in the middle of nowhere and the
following people are stranded:

	  2 Italian men and 1 Italian woman
	  2 French men and 1 French woman
	  2 German men and 1 German woman
	  2 Greek men and 1 Greek woman
	  2 English men and 1 English woman
	  2 Polish men and 1 Polish woman
	  2 Japanese men and 1 Japanese woman
	  2 American men and 1 American woman
	  2 Australian men and 1 Australian woman
	  2 New Zealand men and 1 New Zealand woman
	  2 Irish men and 1 Irish woman
	  2 Russian men and 1 Russian woman

One month goes by......

The first Italian man has killed the other Italian man for the woman.

The two French men and the French woman are living happily together in
a "menage a trois".

The two German men have a strict weekly schedule of when they alternate
with the German woman.

The two Greek men are sleeping with each other and the Greek woman is
cooking and cleaning for them.

The two Englishmen are waiting for someone to introduce them to the
English woman.

The Polish men took a long look at the endless ocean, one look at the
Polish woman, and started swimming.

The two Japanese men have faxed Tokyo and are waiting for instructions.

The two American men are contemplating the virtues of suicide, while
the American woman keeps on bitching about her body being her own, the
true nature of feminism, how she can do everything that they can do,
about the necessity of fulfilment, the equal division of household
chores, how her last boyfriend respected her opinion and treated her
much nicer and how her relationship with her mother is improving. But
at least the taxes here are low and it is not raining.

The two Australian men beat each other senseless fighting over the
Australian woman, who is checking out all the other men, after calling
them both "bloody wankers".

Both New Zealand men are searching the island for sheep.

The two Irishmen began by dividing their island Northside-Southside and
setting up a distillery. They don't remember if sex is in the picture
because it gets sort of foggy after the first few litres of
coconut-whiskey, but at least they know the English aren't getting any.

The first Russian man married the Russian woman and divorced her. He is
the best customer of the Irish distillery.

The other Russian man made money by killing the Italian and arranging
exit visas for the Poles. With that money he acquired a
controlling 33.4% stake in the Irish distillery including the worldwide
distribution rights to the English and he hired the Greeks as sales
agents. He employs both Germans as bodyguards (for himself and his
Russian girlfriend) and has promised the Polish woman that she can
become the maid of their first child. He regularly sees the American
woman "to learn English".

In the meantime, the French still think they're alone on the island.

A JASBITS list of important 'Blows95 errors (fwd from Henry)

Note: Any way the Win-BLOWS (doesn't really matter, 2me)

Enjoy!
-JAS (04-JUN-96)

---

> New Windows 95 Error list
>
>       Microsoft forgot to explain them in the manuals, so they will be
>       spread via the Internet:
>
>       WinErr: 001 Windows loaded - System in danger
>       WinErr: 002 No Error - Yet
>       WinErr: 003 Dynamic linking error - Your mistake is now in every file
>       WinErr: 004 Erroneous error - Nothing is wrong
>       WinErr: 005 Multitasking attempted - System confused
>       WinErr: 006 Malicious error - Desqview found on drive
>       WinErr: 007 System price error - Inadequate money spent on hardware
>       WinErr: 008 Broken window - Watch out for glass fragments
>       WinErr: 009 Horrible bug encountered - God knows what has happened
>       WinErr: 00A Promotional literature overflow - Mailbox full
>       WinErr: 00B Inadequate disk space - Free at least 50MB
>       WinErr: 00C Memory hog error - More Ram needed. More! More! More!
>       WinErr: 00D Window closed - Do not look outside
>       WinErr: 00E Window open - Do not look inside
>       WinErr: 00F Unexplained error - Please tell us how this happened
>       WinErr: 010 Reserved for future mistakes by our developers
>       WinErr: 011 Window open - Do not look outside
>       WinErr: 012 Window closed - Do not look inside
>       WinErr: 013 Unexpected error - Huh ?
>       WinErr: 014 Keyboard locked - Try anything you can think of.
>       WinErr: 018 Unrecoverable error - System has been destroyed. Buy a
>                   new one. Old Windows licence is not valid anymore.
>       WinErr: 019 User error - Not our fault. Is Not! Is Not!
>       WinErr: 01A Operating system overwritten - Please reinstall all your
>                   software. We are terribly sorry.
>       WinErr: 01B Illegal error - You are not allowed to get this error.
>                   Next time you will get a penalty for that.
>       WinErr: 01C Uncertainty error - Uncertainty may be inadequate.
>       WinErr: 01D System crash - We are unable to figure out our own code.
>       WinErr: 01E Timing error - Please wait. And wait. And wait. And wait.
>       WinErr: 01F Reserved for future mistakes of our developers.
>       WinErr: 020 Error recording error codes - Additional errors will be
>                   lost.
>       WinErr: 042 Virus error - A virus has been activated in a dos-box.
>                   The virus, however, requires Windows. All tasks will
>                   automatically be closed and the virus will be activated
>                   again.
>       WinErr: 079 Mouse not found - A mouse driver has not been installed.
>                   Please click the left mouse button to continue.
>       WinErr: 103 Error buffer overflow - Too many errors encountered.
>                   Additional errors may not be displayed or recorded.
>       WinErr: 678 This will end your Windows session. Do you want to play
>                   another game?
>       WinErr: 683 Time out error - Operator fell asleep while waiting for
>                   the system to complete boot procedure.
>       WinErr: 815 Insufficient Memory - Only 50,312,583 Bytes available
>
> (maybe by: Fran MacCannell)

http://www.jas.com/


  There was this girl who lived in New Jersey, and she loved it so much
that she named parts of her body after places in the Garden State.  One
night she confided th is to her boyfriend as he was beginning to feel up
her right tit.  "I bet you call this Mount Pleasant," he said, and she
smiled in assent.
  Working his hand down her ass, he asked, "And this?"
  "I call that Freehole," she replied.
  Getting hot and heavy, he maneuvered his hand around to the front.  "I
bet you call this Cherry Hill," he said triumphantly.
  "Nope.  That's Eatontown."



                           Rude and Obnoxious Jokes!
                                      By:
                    ___The Dolphin that came from Belmont___
                                       &
                        /-/ Speaker-To-Animals/Chmee /-/

   Everyone likes a good laugh, especially if it's at someone elses expense, so 
we have put together a compendum of rather rude jokes. Use them to impress 
people at the next party or social gathering you are at and people will be 
amazed by your wit and total lack of taste.  

 (Note: Some of these jokes were printed in the book "Totaly Tasteless Jokes". 
 AYOM means Add Your Own Minority) 

Why are N.A.S.A. officials drinking Pepsi?
They can't get 7up.

How do you break a AYOM's finger?
Kick 'em in the ass.

Why is the NFL painting footballs green?
Ever see a nigger drop a watermelon?

How do you get a one-armed AYOM out of a tree?
Wave at 'em.

A nigger, a spic and a pollok walk into a bar and the bartender says "GET THE 
FUCK OUT!" 

How are AYOM girls and hockey goaltenders alike?
They both change their pads after three periods.

How do you get four queers on a barstool?
Turn it upside down.

How do you pick up a quarter on Polk Street?
Kick it to Van Ness.

What happens when a jew with a hard-on walks into a wall?
He breaks his nose.

What's the difference between a nigger and a tire?
Tires don't sing when you put the chains on.

What's the difference between a jew and a pizza?
Pizzas don't scream when you put them in the oven.

How do you kill a spaz?
Give him a hammer and let him beat himself to death.

You know what you call a Libyian with half a brain?
Gifted.

You know what you call a Lybian with an I.Q. of 169?
A city.

Do you know how to save a drowning Lybian?
No? Good.

You know why they call camels "Ships of the Desert"?
Because they're so full of Lybian semen.

Why do they smear shit on the walls at a Lybian wedding?
To keep the flys off the bride.

How do you get a Lybian women pregnant?
Cum in her shoes and let the flies do the rest.

You know why the Lybian Navy has glass bottomed boats?
So they can see the old Lybian Navy.

Did you hear about the Lybian lesbian?
She likes men.

You know how many Americans it takes to screw in a light bulb?
One.

What do you call a Lybian on a bicycle?
Thief!

What do you get if you cross a gorilla with a Lybian?
Dunno, gorilla's too smart to fuck a Lybian.

How do you sink a Lybian ship?
Put it in water.

How do you know a Lybian desinged a woman's anatomy?
Who else would put a shithole so close to a snackbar?

Lybia: Where men are men and dogs are afriad.

How do you seperate the men from the boys in New York?
With a firehose.

N.A.S.A.: Need Another Seven Astronauts.

N.A.S.A.: North Atlantic Swimming Association.

Where should you hide money in Lybian household?
Under the soap, no one will ever find it.

What do you call a truckload of vibrators?
Toys for twats.

Why do Lawyers wear turtleneck sweaters?
To hide the foreskin.

How do you keep Lybians out of your front yard?
Put the garbage cans in back.

How do you kill a Lybian?
I dunno, but any suggestions are welcome.

What do you call a black women with braces?
Black and Decker Pecker Wrecker.

How do you start a riot in a jewish neighborhood?
Throw a penny out in the street.

Why is Stevie Wonder always smiling?
'Cause he don't know he's black.

What do shit and Lybians have in common?
Almost everything.

What does a dick and a Lybian have in common?
Large head and no brains.

   Well, there oughta be enough there to keep ya grinnin' for awhile. Get any 
new jokes, why don't you post them on Phree World Elite (916)-689-6241. I'll 
compile them and place them in a new phile as soon as enough are posted.  Until 
then, I remane 

                    ___The Dolphin that came from Belmont___

               *** Call the Phree World Elite: (916)-689-6241 ***


Horse Feathers BBS
50/50: Old Russian Joke
Date: Wed Apr 05 17:38:25 1989

    One morning Brezhnev wake up, look out the window, see sun rising.
Brezhnev smiled at sun, said, "Good morning, Sun!"
    Sun said, "Good morning, Comrade Brezhnev, how are you today?  Such a
pleasure to see you."
    Well, Brezhnev is amazed.  He finds his most trusted aide and tells him
about it.  Aide says, "Comrade, you are out of your gourd."
    So Brezhnev takes his aide to the Red Square.  By this time it is noon.
Brezhnev looks at the Sun in the zenith and says, "Hello, Sun!"
    Sun says, "Good day, Leonid Illich, how are you today?  Such a pleasure to
see you!"
    Well, they are both amazed.  They spend the rest of the day arranging a
special surprise parade.  Finally, at sunset, half of Moscow crowding the Red
Square, all of Politbureau standing on the Mausoleum balcony, Brezhnev
triumphantly strode out and announced:
    "Comrades!  Watch this:"
    He turned to the Sun and said, "Good evening, Sun!"
    Sun said, "F**k you, a**hole, I'm in the West now..."

 
************   280 Questions and Answers - layout by Maciej Komosinski   ***********
**********************  http://aurora.put.poznan.pl/~komos/  ***********************


Q:  What's the difference between a teacher and a train?
A:  A teacher says "no chewing" and a train says "choo-choo"!

Q:  What do you call a lion tamer who sticks his right arm down a lion's
    throat?
A:  Lefty!

Q:  What happens if you don't pay your exorcist?
A:  You get repossessed!

Q:  What kind of quiz do you give to a criminal?
A:  A con test!

Q:  Why aren't elephants allowed on beaches?
A:  They can't keep their trunks up!

Q:  What do you get when you cross a baseball player with a boy scout?
A:  Someone who likes to pitch tents!

Q:  How do you cut through waves?
A:  With a sea-saw!

Q:  What has teeth but can't chew?
A:  A zipper!

Q:  If a man smashed a clock, could he be accused of killing time?
A:  Not if the clock struck first!

Q:  What flowers do you wear all year long?
A:  Tulips (two-lips)!

Q:  What do cows give after an earthquake?
A:  Milk shakes!

Q:  When is a cowboy most like a pony?
A:  When he is a little hoarse!

Q:  Why do cowboys ride horses?
A:  Because the horses are too heavy to carry!

Q:  How many sides does a house have?
A:  Two!  The inside and the outside!

Q:  Why did the man sleep under the oil tank?
A:  So he would wake up oily in the morning!

Q:  A giant had three tongues!  How did he remove two of them?
A:  He took off his shoes!

Q:  Why didn't the skeleton cross the road?
A:  Because he didn't have any guts!

Q:  What's the difference between a Timex dealer and a prison gaurd?
A:  One sells watches, one watches cells!

Q:  Why does Dracula consider himself an artist?
A:  He likes to draw blood!

Q:  What game do ghost children like to play?
A:  Peek-a-BOO!

Q:  What do you call a short, sun-burned outlaw riding a horse?
A:  Little Red Riding Hood!

Q:  Why are men better with a beard than without?
A:  FUR lots of reasons!

Q:  What was the octopus couple's favorite song?
A: I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, (ad nauseum)

Q:  Why are potatoes considered stupid?
A:  At parties they always hang around with the dips!

Q:  Where did the brontosaurus go for the summer months?
A:  To the dino-shore!

Q:  Why is a room full of married people really empty?
A:  There isn't a single person in it!

Q:  Why didn't the grizzly wear any shoes?
A:  Because he wanted bear feet!

Q:  What did one knife say to the other?
A:  "My, YOU'RE looking sharp today!"

Q:  What would happen if an ice cream cone picked a fight with Jesse
    James?
A:  The ice cream cone would get licked!

Q:  Why did the cowboy put a whistle in his ten-gallon hat?
A:  So he could blow his top!

Q:  What do you call Jesse James When he has the flu?
A:  A sick shooter!

Q:  What do you get if you cross a monster and an owl?
A:  An animal that scares people and doesn't give a hoot!

Q:  If 1 is love and 2 is hate, what are 3 and 4?
A:  Seven!

Q:  When do you use a shovel to eat?
A:  When you really dig in!

Q:  What's the best way to see flying saucers?
A:  Trip the waiter!

Q:  What do you get if you cross a vampire with an Egyptian mummy?
A:  A flying Band-Aid!

Q:  Who was the biggest monarch in history?
A:  King Kong!

Q:  Why didn't the skeleton ask his girlfriend to the dance?
A:  He didn't have any guts!

Q:  What did one arithmetic book say to the other?
A:  "I have a lot of problems!"

Q:  Do rabbits use combs?
A:  No, they use harebrushes!

Q:  What did one wall say to the other wall?
A:  "I'll meet you at the corner!"

Q:  What is a kangroo's favorite year?
A:  Leap year!

Q:  What's a good name for a straigh-back camel?
A:  Humphrey!  *Get it?*

Q:  If a King sits on gold, who sits on silver?
A:  The Lone Ranger!

Q:  Why did the outlaw carry a bottle of glue when he robbed the
    stagecoach?
A:  So he could stick up the passengers!

Q:  What does a train do when an outlaw chases it?
A:  It makes tracks!

Q:  Why did the cowboy brush his teeth with gunpowder?
A:  So he could shoot off his mouth!

Q:  What kind of figures do the most walking?
A: Roamin' numerals!

Q: What is the difference between the North and South Pole?
A: All the difference in the world!

Q: Guess who I saw today?
A: Everybody I looked at!

Q: Why is an engaged woman like a telephone?
A: Because they both have rings!

Q: Why was the mummy sent into the game as a pinch hitter?
A: With a mummy at bat, the game would be all wrapped up!

Q: What kind of horses frighten rangers?
A: Night Mares!

Q: Did you know Popeye was a sweet potato?
A: Well, he does say, "I Yam what I Yam"!

Q: Where does the Lone Ranger take his trash?
A: To the dump, to the dump, to the dump, dump, dump!

Q: Did you hear about the coach that flooded the gym?
A: He wanted to send in a sub!

Q: Why are birds poor?
A: Because money doesn't grow on trees!

Q: What drives a baseball batter crazy?
A: A pitcher that throws a screwball!

Q: Why is a scrambled egg like a losing ball team?
A: Because both are beaten!

Q: What do you get if you cross a big bell and an outlaw?
A: A Gongster!

Q: What do you call a lazy butcher?
A: A Meat-loafer!

Q: What is the first thing you put into a room?
A: Your feet!

Q: What is a sound sleeper?
A: Someone who snores!

Q: What does a cowboy say to his horse after a 100 mile ride?
A: Whoa!

Q: What part of a cowboy's outfit is the saddest?
A: His blue jeans!

Q: What is a monter's favorite necklace?
A: A choker!

Q: What kind of fur do you get from an outlaw?
A: As fur as you can get!

Q: What is the safest way to talk to an outlaw?
A: By long distance!

Q: What do you call an outlaw with cotton stuffed in his ears?
A: Anything you want!  He can't hear you!

Q: Why do postmen carry letters?
A: Because the letters can't go anywhere by themselves!

Q: How do you make friends with a computer?
A: Bit by bit!

Q: Who always goes to bed with shoes on?
A: A horse!

Q: Why is a toupee like a secret?
A: Because you keep it under your hat!

Q: Why are potatoes so afraid of Indians?
A: They don't want to get scalloped!

Q: What kind of music did the cowboy make when he threw a stone in the
   Rio Grande?
A: Plunk rock!!!!!

Q: Why did the cowboy saddle up the phonograph record?
A: He wanted to be a disk jockey!

Q: What did the victim say when the outlaw stuffed a dirty piece of
   cloth in his mouth?
A: That's an old gag!

Q: What was Billy the Kid's favorite subject in school?
A: Triggernometry!

Q: Who pulled the biggest holdup in history?
A: Atlas--he held up the whole world!

Q: What do you call an outlaw armed with four loaded revolvers?
A: Sir!

Q:  What happens when you throw a green rock in the red sea?
A:  It gets wet!

Q:  Why shouldn't you tell a secret to a pig?
A:  Because it is a squealer!

Q:  Where do frogs sit?
A:  On toadstools!

Q:  If a man were born in Greece, raised in Spain, came to America,
    and died in San Francisco, what is he?
A:  Dead!

Q:  Why did the man have to fix his car horn?
A:  Because it didn't give a hoot!

Q:  Why did the nutty kid throw butter out of the window?
A:  He wanted to see a butter fly.

Q:  Why did the nutty kid throw a glass of water out the window?
A:  Because he wanted to see a water fall!

Q:  What paper makes you itch?
A:  Scratch paper!

Q:  What can you break without touching it?
A:  Your promise!

Q:  A man was driving a black truck with the lights out.  There was no
    moon.  A lady was crossing the street.  How did he see her?
A:  It was daytime!

Q:  What animal makes the most of its food?
A:  The giraffe.  It makes a little go a long way!

Q:  What is the weather always like in Mexico?
A:  Chili today, hot tamale!

Q:  What time is the same spelled backwards or forwards?
A:  Noon!

Q:  What do you get if you cross an insect and a rabbit?
A:  Bugs Bunny!

Q:  Why aren't there any stories about beds?
A:  They haven't been made up yet!

Q:  What did the tree say to the woodpecker?
A:  You bore me!

Q:  What color was Napoleon's white horse?
A:  duh.

Q:  When do you put a clock in the oven?
A:  When you want to have a hot time!

Q:  What ten letter word starts with g-a-s?
A:  Automobile!

Q:  If you want to get rich, why should you just shut up?
A:  Because silence is golden!

Q:  What can be drawn without any drawing utensil?
A:  Breath!

Q:  What goes around a yard but doesn't move?
A:  A fence!

Q:  What is a calf after it is six months old?
A:  Seven months old!

Q:  What kind of fruit has a short temper?
A:  A crab apple!

Q:  What kind of watch is best for people who don't like time on
    their hands?
A:  A pocket watch!

Q:  What always comes into the house through the keyhole?
A:  A key!

Q:  What has four legs and a back but no body?
A:  A chair!

Q:  What kind of electricity do they have in Washington?
A:  D.C.!

Q:  What did the man do when he got a big gas bill?
A:  He exploded!

Q:  What is the best day to go to the beach?
A:  On a Sun Day!

Q:  How can you tell the difference between a can of chicken soup and a
    can of tomato soup?
A:  Read the label!

Q:  What trees come in two's?
A:  Pear Trees!

Q:  What insect runs away from everything?
A:  A Flee!

Q:  What does Brazil produce that no other country produces?
A:  Brazillians!

Q:  What people are like the end of a book?
A:  The Finnish!

Q:  Who never gets his hair wet in the shower?
A:  A bald man!

Q:  What did the light say to the girl?
A:  Turn me on!

Q:  What did the big chimney say to the little chimney?
A:  You're too young to smoke!

Q:  Why do firemen wear red suspenders?
A:  To keep their pants up!

Q:  Who can marry a lot of wives and still be single?
A:  A minister!

Q:  Why do we buy clothes?
A:  Because we can't get them free!

Q:  If six people and two dogs were under an umbrella, why didn't
    any of them get wet?
A:  Because it wasn't raining!

Q:  What piece of wood is like a king?
A:  A ruler!

Q:  What did the muffler say to the car owner?
A:  "Boy, am I exhausted!"

Q:  Why did the window pane blush?
A:  It saw the weather strip!

Q:  Where do crying children go?
A:  To the bawl park!

Q:  What has fifty heads and fifty tails?
A:  Fifty pennies!

Q:  When is the vet busiest?
A:  When it rains cats and dogs!

Q:  What is the difference between a bus driver and a cold?
A:  One knows the stops, the other stops the nose!

Q:  What do you call a sick crocodile?
A:  An illigator!

Q:  If you fell of a ladder, what would you fall against?
A:  Against your will!

Q:  Why shouldn't you make fun of fat people?
A:  Because it's not nice to poke fun at someone's expanse!

Q:  If an apple a day keeps the dentist away, what will an onion do?
A:  Keep everyone away!

Q:  Where do squirrels go when they go insane?
A:  To the nut house!

Q:  What do you have if your head is hot, your feet are cold, and you
    see spots in front of your eyes?
A:  You probably have a polka-dotted sock over your head!

Q:  When do you have acute pain?
A:  When you own a pretty window!

Q:  When was medicine first mentioned in the Bible?
A:  When moses recieved the two tablets!

Q:  What happened when the dog swallowed the watch?
A:  He got a lot of ticks!

Q:  How did the kid get a flat nose?
A:  He was told to keep it to the grindstone!

Q:  What is the healthiest kind of water?
A:  Well water!

Q:  What is the perfect cure for dandruff?
A:  Baldness!

Q:  What did the dentist say to the golfer?
A:  You have a hole in one!

Q:  What do you get if you put your hand in a pot?
A:  A potted palm!

Q:  What happened when the icicle landed on the man's head?
A:  It knocked him cold!

Q:  Where do animals go when they lose their tails?
A:  To a retail store!

Q:  What did the doctor say to the patient when he finished the
    operation?
A:  That's enough out of you!

Q:  How can you tell if you are cross-eyed?
A:  When you see eye-to-eye with yourself!

Q:  How can you tell if you are cross-eyed?
A:  Try looking in a mirror!

Q:  What is the best way to cure acid indigestion?
A:  Stop drinking acid!

Q:  What did the farmer use to cure his sick hog?
A:  Oinkment!

Q:  What do you call a person who doesn't have all his fingers on one
    hand?
A:  Normal.  Most people have their fingers spread over two hands!

Q:  What happened to the horse that swallowed a dollar bill?
A:  He bucked!

Q:  How was the blind carpenter able to see?
A:  He picked up his hammer and saw!

Q:  How can you tell if a bucket is not well?
A:  When it is a little pail!

Q:  What do you call a sheep that is covered in chocolate?
A:  A Hershey baaa!

Q:  How do you make an eggroll?
A:  Push it!

Q:  Why is it dangerous to do math in a cannibal's den?
A:  Because if you add 4 and 4, you get ate!

Q:  What is a pie in the sky?
A:  A flying pizza!

Q:  Why did the farmer plant sugar cubes?
A:  Because he wanted to raise cane!

Q:  Why did the woman eat bullets?
A:  Because she wanted her hair to grow in bangs!

Q:  Do ministers ever use operator assistance?
A:  No.  They always go parson to parson!

Q:  Why did the orchestra have bad manners?
A:  It didn't know how to conduct itself!

Q:  What do you call a crazy pickle?
A:  A daffy dill!

Q:  What do ghosts eat for lunch?
A:  Boo-loney sandwiches!

Q:  What does the Swamp Thing like for desert?
A:  Marsh-mellows!

Q:  What kind of eggs does an evil chicken lay?
A:  Deviled eggs!

Q:  What hired killer never goes to jail?
A:  The exterminator!

Q:  What is a boxer's favorite drink?
A:  Punch!

Q:  Which hand should you use to stir tea?
A:  Neither.  Use a spoon!

Q:  What is small, purple, and dangerous?
A:  A grape with a machine gun!

Q:  What gun does a police dog use?
A:  A dogmatic!

Q:  Where do tough chickens come from?
A:  From hard-boiled eggs!

Q:  How do you tell when a bell is obedient?
A:  If it only rings when tolled!

Q:  What kind of food do brave soldiers eat?
A:  Hero sandwiches!

Q:  What is stolen candy?
A:  Hot chocolate!

Q:  What do well behaved young lambs say to their mothers?
A:  Thank ewe!

Q:  What is the last thing you eat before you die?
A:  You bite the dust!

Q:  What do you get if you cross an elephant with a Boy Scout?
A:  A real big uniform!

Q:  What is the grossest kind of cookie?
A:  A snicker-doo-doo!

Q:  What happens to evil pigs?
A:  They become deviled ham!

Q:  Why did the turkey cross the road?
A:  To get to Mexico, where they don't celebrate Thanksgiving!

Q:  What do mice wear to school on gym day?
A:  Squeakers!

Q:  Why did the elephant put ketchup in his navel?
A:  Cause he wanted eat French Fries lying down!

Q:  Why didn't the Mad Scientist allow the sick eagle in his laboratory?
A:  Because it was illeagle! *get it?*

Q:  Why did the mad scientist put an elastic band around his forehead?
A:  So he could stretch his imagination!

Q:  How do cowboys watch t.v. when they're out on the range?
A:  By saddle lights!

Q:  What do you call a cat who eats a lemon?
A:  A sourpuss!

Q:  Who is bigger:  Mr Bigger or his baby?
A:  Mr. Bigger's baby is a little Bigger!

Q:  How many seconds are in a year?
A:  12 - January 2nd, February 2nd...

Q:  How does Santa Claus take care of his yard?
A:  With a hoe, hoe, hoe!

Q:  What did the envelope say when the boy licked it?
A:  Nothing - it shut up!

Q:  First you see a red mill.  Then there's a walk at the end.   Then
    there's a key.  What is it?
A:  Milwaukee!

Q:  What is a monster's favorite team?
A:  The Giants!

Q:  What American has the largest family?
A:  George Washington - He's the Father of our Country!

Q:  Did you hear about the fight in the Candy Store?
A:  Two suckers got licked!

Q:  What state in the U.S. is the happiest?
A:  Merry Land!

Q:  What did the candles say to the birthday cake?
A:  These birthdays really burn me up!

Q:  Why did the orange stop in the middle of the road?
A:  Because it ran out of juice!

Q:  Why do flies walk on the ceiling?
A:  If they walked on the floor, someone might step on them!

Q:  What is a foreign ant?
A:  ImportAnt!

Q:  Why do hippies study the stars?
A:  Because they are so far out!

Q:  Why did the farmer put rusted out cars in his garden?
A:  He wanted to raise a bumper crop!

Q:  How can you eat an egg without breaking its shell?
A:  Ask someone else to break it!

Q:  Why does a baby duck walk softly?
A:  Because it is a baby and can't walk, hardly!

Q:  What helps keep your teeth together?
A:  Toothpaste!

Q:  What brings the monster's babies?
A:  Frankenstork!

Q:  Did you hear the story about the Peacock?
A:  It's a beautiful tail!

Q:  What bugs are good at math?
A:  Mosquitos: they add to misery, subtract from fun, and multiply fast!

Q:  Why did the mouse want to move?
A:  She was tired of living in a hole in the wall!

Q:  How can you tell a cat that likes rain?
A:  Because when it rains it purrs!

Q:  Why do bees hum?
A:  Because they don't know the words!

Q:  Who settled in the West before anyone else?
A:  The Sun!

Q:  What is a distant relative?
A:  Someone who is not living with you!

Q:  What is the biggest ant?
A:  An ELEPHant!

Q:  What is smaller than an ant's mouth?
A:  An ant's dinner!

Q:  How can you spell too much with just two letters?
A:  XS!

Q:  What is the hottest part of a man's face?
A:  His sideburns!

Q:  What fish has the lowest voice?
A:  A bass!

Q:  When was beef at its highest?
A:  When the cow jumped over the moon!

Q:  What person is always yelling?
A:  The I Scream Man!

Q:  What kind of theif has to be really strong?
A:  A shoplifter!

Q:  What kind of house weighs the least?
A:  A Lighthouse!

Q:  What is the hardest thing about learning to roller skate?
A:  The ground!

Q:  What coat has the most sleeves?
A:  A coat of arms!

Q:  What fruit has been known since man invented the calendar?
A:  Dates!

Q:  What is purple and 5,000 miles long?
A:  The Grape Wall of China!

Q:  Why do we dress baby girls in pink and baby boys in blue?
A:  Because they can't dress themselves!

Q:  Where can you always find health, wealth, and happiness?
A:  In the dictionary!

Q:  Why is the dictionary dangerous?
A:  Because it has Dynamite and Arsenic in it!

Q:  A man who worked in a butcher shop was 6 feet tall, had red hair,
    and wore size 11 shoes.  What did he weigh?
A:  Meat!

Q:  How does a coffee pot feel when it is hot?
A:  Perky!

Q:  What did the two vampires do from midnight to 12:10?
A:  They took a coffin break!

Q:  What do people in England call little black cats?
A:  Kittens!

Q:  Why did the man put his money in the refrigerator?
A:  To make some cold cash!

Q:  How do you make a Venetian blind?
A:  Poke a finger in its eye!

Q:  What is a stupid flower?
A:  A Blooming Idiot!

Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
A:  Because they don't know how to cook!

Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
A:  Because they can't light their Coleman stove!

Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
A:  Because they have to much trouble fitting it on the shishkebab!

Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
A:  Because the stove is broken!

Q:  What can you do with old bowling balls?
A:  Give them to elephants to shoot marbles!

Q:  Dogs have fleas.  What do Sheep have?
A:  Fleece!

Q:  Did Adam and Eve ever have a date?
A:  No, they had an apple!

Q:  What do you call a Volkswagon filled with cookies?
A:  Farfignewton!

Q:  What is a bulldozer?
A:  Someone who sleeps while a polititian is making a speech!

Q:  Where do trees keep their money?
A:  In branch banks!

Q:  If cheese comes on top of hamburger, what comes after cheese?
A:  Mice!

Q:  If cheese comes on top of hamburger, what comes after cheese?
A:  The cheese police!

Q:  Where do fish keep their money?
A:  In river banks!

Q:  Where do Eskimos keep their money?
A:  In snowbanks!

Q:  Where do hogs keep their money?
A:  In piggy banks!

Q:  Where do vampires keep their money?
A:  In blood banks!

Q:  Where do mummies swim?
A:  In the Dead Sea!

Q:  What is the best way to eat spaghetti?
A:  Well, first open your mouth....

Q:  What happened when Abel died?
A:  He became Unable!

Q:  What did the little light bulb say to its mom?
A:  I wuv you watts and watts!

Q:  Why do wallets make so much noise?
A:  Because money talks!

Q:  What happens to a refrigerator when you pull the plug?
A:  It loses its cool!

Q:  How many skunks does it take to make a big stink?
A:  A phew!

Q:  What does an invisible baby drink?
A:  Evaporated milk!

Q:  What runs around all day and then lies under the bed with
    its tongue hanging out?
A:  Your shoe!

Q:  What did King Kong say when he saw the Statue of Liberty?
A:  "Hi, mom!"

Q:  What lottery did the broom win?
A:  The sweepstakes!

Q:  Why does a chicken lay an egg?
A:  Because if she dropped it, it would break!

Q:  Why do you always start to walk with the right foot first?
A:  Because when you move one foot, the other is always left behind!

Q:  When do you swallow your words?
A:  When you eat alphabet soup!

Q:  What is the difference between a greedy person and an electric
    toaster?
A:  One takes the most and the other makes the toast!

Q:  Is it better to write on a full or an empty stomach?
A:  Neither.  You'll find that paper works best!

Q:  What kind of bird is always around when there is anything to eat
    or drink?
A:  A swallow?

Q:  Why are identical twins like a broken alarm clock?
A:  Because they are dead ringers!

Q:  Why don't scarecrows have any fun?
A:  Because they are stuffed shirts!

Q:  How do you make a cigarette lighter?
A:  Take out the tobacco!

Q:  How do you make notes of stone?
A:  Rearrange the letters!

Q:  What kind of umbrella did Louis XII carry in the rain?
A:  A wet one!

Q:  Why does the stork stand on one leg only?
A:  If he lifted it, he would fall down!

Q:  What is the difference between a banana and a bell?
A:  You can only peal a banana once!

Q:  What invention allows you to see through walls?
A:  A window!

Q:  Why can it be said that whales talk a lot?
A:  Because they're always spouting off!

Q:  What can a whole apple do that half an apple can't?
A:  It can look round!

Q:  When is a man not a man?
A:  When he turns into an alley!

Der Waschbrettbauch

Gute Nachrichten!

Fr alle, die ihren Waschbrettbauch pflegen wollen:

jetzt haben wir endlich den Beweis dass wir mit unserer Ttigkeit am Wochenende
vllig richtig liegen, denn alle bekannten Diten vernachlssigen vllig einen
wichtigen Punkt: die Temperatur der Speisen und Getrnke. Wir alle wissen, dass
eine Kalorie notwendig ist, um 1 g Wasser um 1 Grad C zu erwrmen. Man muss
kein Wunderkind sein um zu errechnen, dass der Mensch, wenn er ein Glas kaltes
Wasser trinkt, sagen wir mit 0 Grad, ca. 200 Kalorien braucht um es um 1 Grad
zu erwrmen. Um es auf Krpertemperatur zu bringen sind also ca. 7400 Kalorien
notwendig - 200g Wasser mal 37 Grad Temperaturunterschied.

Diese muss unser Krper aufbringen, da die Krpertemperatur konstant bleiben
muss. Dazu nutzt er die einzige Energiequelle, die ihm kurzfristig zur
Verfgung steht, unser Krperfett. Er muss also Krperfett verbrennen, um die
Erwrmung zu leisten, die Thermodynamik lsst sich nicht belgen.

Trinkt man also ein groes Glas Bier mit ca. 400 g mit 0 Grad verliert man ca.
14800 Kalorien. Jetzt muss man natrlich noch die Kalorien des Bieres abziehen,
ca. 800 Kalorien fr 400 g Bier. Unter dem Strich betrachtet verliert man also
ungefhr 14000 Kalorien bei einem kalten Glas Bier. Natrlich ist der Verlust
um so grer, je klter das Bier ist.

Ebenso verhlt es sich mit kalten Nachspeisen wie Eis zum Beispiel. Bei einer
Portion von 200g nehmen wir ca. 1000 Kalorien zu uns, verlieren aber durch die
Erwrmung auf Krpertemperatur 7400 Kalorien. Hinzu kommen dann noch ca. 7000
Kalorien zum Schmelzen des Eises, ca. 35 Kalorien pro Gramm. Richtig betrachtet
bleibt also ein Verlust von 13400 Kalorien. Da der Anteil der Kalorien im
Lebensmittel im Vergleich zu den Kalorien des Wrmeverbrauchs nur sehr gering
ist, ist es also fast egal, was wir essen oder trinken, nur kalt muss es sein.

Diese Art Kalorien abzubauen ist, wie jedem einleuchten mag, viel effektiver
als z.B. Fahrrad fahren oder Joggen bei denen nur ca. 1000 Kalorien pro Stunde
verbrannt werden.

Abnehmen ist so einfach. Wir mssen alle einfach nur kaltes Bier und Eis in
Mengen zu uns nehmen und die Thermodynamik erledigt den Rest. Ein Nachteil
dieser Dit bleibt allerdings, wenn wir z.B. eine heie Pizza essen, die uns
durch ihre Wrmeenergie eine Unmenge an Kalorien zufhrt.

Der aufmerksame Leser hat aber bestimmt schon die Lsung parat: man muss die
heie Pizza einfach nur mit genug kaltem Bier und Eis ausgleichen.

DR LAURA EMAIL:

For those of you that are not following the recent controversy that has to do
with Laura Schlessinger, she is a radio personality who dispenses advice to
people who call in to her radio show. Paramount Television Group is currently
producing a 'Dr. Laura' television show. Recently she has become a convert to
Judaism, and now she is Ba'al T'shuvah. Recently, she has made some statements
about homosexuals that has caused the Canadian anti-hate laws to censure her...
The following is an open letter to Dr. Laura which was posted on the
internet... ENJOY.

Dear Dr. Laura,

Thank you for doing so much to educate people regarding God's Law. I have
learned a great deal from your show, and I try to share that knowledge with as
many people as I can. When someone tries to defend the homosexual lifestyle,
for example, I simply remind him that Leviticus 18:22 clearly states it to be
an abomination. End of debate. I do need some advice from you, however,
regarding some of the specific laws and how to best follow them.

a) When I burn a bull on the altar as a sacrifice, I know it creates a pleasing
odour for the Lord (Lev. 1:9). The problem is my neighbours. They claim the
odour is not pleasing to them. Should I smite them?

b) I would like to sell my daughter into slavery, as sanctioned in Exodus 21:7.
In this day and age, what do you think would be a fair price for her?

c) I know that I am allowed no contact with a woman while she is in her period
of menstrual uncleanliness (Lev. 15:19-24). The problem is, how do I tell? I
have tried asking, but most women take offence.

d) Lev. 25:44 states that I may indeed possess slaves, both male and female,
provided they are purchased from neighbouring nations. A friend of mine claims
that this applies to Mexicans, but not Canadians. Can you clarify? Why can't I
own Canadians?

e) I have a neighbour who insists on working on the Sabbath. Exodus 35:2
clearly states he should be put to death. Am I morally obligated to kill him?
Am I morally obligated to kill him myself?

f) A friend of mine feels that even though eating shellfish is an Abomination
(Lev. 11:10), it is a lesser abomination than homosexuality. I don't agree. Can
you settle this?

g) Lev. 21:20 states that I may not approach the altar of God if I have a
defect in my sight. I have to admit that I wear reading glasses. Does my vision
have to be 20/20, or is there some wiggle room here?

h) Most of my male friends get their hair trimmed, including the hair around
their temples, even though this is expressly forbidden by Lev.19:27. How should
they die?

i) I know from Lev. 11:6-8 that touching the skin of a dead pig makes me
unclean, but may I still play football if I wear gloves?

j) My uncle has a farm. He violates Lev. 19:19 by planting two different crops
in the same field, as does his wife by wearing garments made of two different
kinds of thread. (cotton/polyester blend). He also tends to curse and blaspheme
a lot. Is it really necessary that we go to all the trouble of getting the
whole town together to stone them? (Lev.24:10-16) Couldn't we just burn them to
death at a private family affair like we do with people who sleep with their
in-laws? (Lev. 20:14)

I know you have studied these things extensively, so I am confident you can
help. Thank you again for reminding us that God's word is eternal and
unchanging.

Your devoted disciple and adoring fan.

Martha

KILLER BISCUITS WANTED FOR ATTEMPTED MURDER
(the actual AP headline)

Lisa Burnett, 23, a resident of San Diego, was visiting her in-laws,
and while there went to a nearby supermarket to pick up some groceries.

Several people noticed her sitting in her car with the windows rolled
up and with her eyes closed, with both hands behind the back of her
head.

One customer who had been at the store for a while became concerned and
walked over to the car. He noticed that Lisa's eyes were now open, and
She looked very strange. He asked her if she was okay, and Lisa replied
that she'd been shot in the back of the head, and had been holding her
brains in for over an hour.

The man called the paramedics, who broke into the car because the doors
were locked and Lisa refused to remove her hands from her head. When
they finally got in, they found that Lisa had a wad of bread dough on
the back of her head. A Pillsbury biscuit canister had exploded from
the heat, making a loud noise that sounded like a gunshot, and the wad
of dough hit her in the back of her head. When she reached back to find
out what it was, she felt the dough and thought it was her brains. She
initially passed out, but quickly recovered and tried to hold her
brains in for over an hour until someone noticed and came to her aid.

And, yes, Lisa is a blonde.

 
 
 The following two-way translations are samples from a book by *Henry
 Beard* entitled "Latin for Even More Occasions" (Lingua Latina Multa
 Pluribus Occasionibus):
 
 Valeo--Vales.
 I'm OK--You're OK.
 
 Rosa rosa rosa est est.
 A rose is a rose is a rose.
 
 Ventis secundis, tene cursum.
 Go with the flow.
 
 In curro meo ab Officina Baiuoaria Mechanica fabricato habeo machinam
 quae litteras per aethera transmittit.
 I have a fax machine in my BMW.
 
 Quid agis, caput assulae?
 How's hacking, chiphead?
 
 Quid gurgustium!
 What a dump!
 
 Quantum materiae materietur marmota monax si marmota monax materiam
 possit materiari?
 How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
 
 Malum Magnum
 The Big Apple
 
 Oppidum Bracteatum
 Tinsel Town
 
 Heia, comes, num aliquid agitur?
 Hey, you got a problem, pal?
 
 Quando prandimus?
 What time is lunch?
 
 Tam diu minime visu!
 Long time no see!
 
 Vale, lacerte!
 See you later, alligator!
 
 Hocine tibi habeas iocum? :)
 Is this your idea of a joke?
 

Everyone has a photographic memory. Some don't have film.

He who laughs last, thinks slowest.

A day without sunshine is like, well, night.

On the other hand, you have different fingers.

Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.

Back up my hard drive? How do I put it in reverse?

I just got lost in thought. It was unfamiliar territory.

When the chips are down, the buffalo is empty.

Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it.

Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.

I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe.

He's not dead, he's electroencephalographically challenged.

She's always late. Her ancestors arrived on the Juneflower.

You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be misquoted,
then used against you.

I wonder how much deeper would the ocean be without sponges.

Honk if you love peace and quiet.

Pardon my driving, I am reloading.

Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how it remains so popular?

Nothing is fool-proof to a sufficiently talented fool.

 
 Life in prison vs. a full time job in corporate America - A comparison
 
 In prison they spend the majority of their time in a 8' x 10' cell.
 At work, I spend most of my time in a 6' x 8' cubicle.
 
 In prison they get three meals a day.
 At work I only get a break for one meal and I have to pay for that one.
 
 In prison you get time off for good behavior.
 At work I get rewarded for good behavior with more work.
 
 At work I must wear an ID badge at all times.
 In prison they provide you with clothing with the ID conveniently sewn on
 to the clothes.
 
 At work there is a dress standard, but I must buy my own clothes.
 In prison there is a dress standard, but they supply the clothes.
 
 At work I must carry around a security card and unlock and open all the
 doors myself.
 In prison a guard locks and unlocks all the doors for me.
 
 In prison they can watch TV and play games.
 At work I can get fired for watching TV and playing games.
 
 In prison they will pay my way through school to learn a new career and
 give me time to do it.
 At work they will pay for my education, but I must do it on my own time.
 
 In prison they have exercise rooms that they allow you to use almost
 whenever you want.
 At work we have an exercise room that you can use but it must be on your
 time.
 
 In prison I can fall asleep on the job and no serious consequences comes
 from my action.
 At work if I fall asleep on the job I get put on the next AXE list.
 
 In prison they ball and chain you when you go somewhere.
 At work you are just ball and chained.
 
 In prison you have full medical coverage with no deductibles.
 At work you get partial coverage and pay all the deductibles.
 
 In prison all expenses are paid by the tax payer, with no work on their
 part.
 At work you get to pay all the expenses to go to work, and then deduct the
 taxes from your salary to pay for the prisoners.
 


There once was a plummer from Lee,
who was plumming a girl by the sea.
She said stop you plumming,
there's somebody coming.
The plummer still plumming said its me.

There once was a knight named Sir Lancelot,
who the townsfolk would look at in askance a lot.
For whenever he'd pass
a pretty young lass
the front of his pants would advance a lot.

Jonah mused as he cruised through the whale.
I'm in guts up to my nuts in this jail.
But I'll pass through the ass,
in a mass of hot gas,
and depart with a fart through the tail.
>From Sherilyn.
I'm not a contributor to humor, so you can forward my alltime favorite
if you wish:
            A scandel involving an oyster
            Sent the Duchess of Clewes to a Cloister.
            She preferred it in bed
            To the Duke, for she said
            "It is stonger, longer and moister!"
I don't know who originally wrote these, but they are great.
------------------------------------------------------------

There once was a man from Palass,
who had balls made of spun glass.
   When he banged them together,
   they played Stormy Weather,
and fireworks shot out his ass.



There was a top heavy maiden from Yonkers,
who liked to make tit-men go bonkers.
   As a poet would say,
   were he alive today,
whenever she stoops, she conquers.



There once was a couple named Kelly,
who went through life belly-to-belly.
   One day in their unseeming haste,
   they used library paste,
instead of petroleum jelly.



There was young woman from Reno,
who lost all of her money playing Keno.
   So she lie on her back,
   and opened her crack,
and now she owns the casino.



There once was a beautiful young lass,
Her name was Rita, and she had a great ass.
   But, it's not what you think,
   all pretty and pink,
it had a tail, long ears and ate grass!

--
Shaun
A brief word--All the limericks posted were published from 1870 to 1952
in many different forums.  Many, if not most, older limericks may have
an edge to them that people today will notice.  oho

There was a young girl of Penzance
Who boarded a bus in a trance.
        The passengers fucked her,
        Likewise the conductor.
The driver shot off in his pants.                       (1927)

There was an archbishop in France
Who saw a nude woman by chance.
        The resylt, I affirm,
        Was emission of sperm
In the archepiscopal pants.                     (1941)

There was a young lady of Trent
Who said that she knew what it meant
        When he asked her to dine,
        Private room, lots of wine,
She knew, oh she knew!--but she went!           (1940)

There was a stout lady of Cuttack
Posteriorly pecked by a wild duck
        Who pursued her for miles
        And continued his wiles
Till he completely demolished her buttock.      (1943)

The limerick form is complex
Its contents run chiefly to sex
        It burgeons with virgeons
        And masculine urgeons,
And swarms with erotic effex.                   (1944)

A flatulent nun of Hawaii
One Easter eve supped on papaya
        Then honored the Passover
        By turning her ass over
And obliging with Handel's Messiah              (1944)

 
 Subject: *** Memorable Quotes
 
 "Hey Chuck, nice knife!"
         - Childhood friend of Charles Manson, now deceased
 
 "Excuse me sir, is this your penis?"
         -The guy who found Bobbit's dick
 
 "I thought it would make a wicked wave to surf on."
         - Moses, talking about the real reason he parted the Red Sea
 
 "I think we will have to drop the charges, the evidence won't
 stand up in court."
         - The prosecuting attourney in the Bobbit trial
 
 "Well, they were right, it does taste like chicken."
         - One of the survivors of the Himalayan plane crash
 
 "I told you damn rabbits 'Only two!'."
         - Noah, loading up the Ark
 
 "AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!"
         - Ben Franklin, the moment he discovered electricity
 
 "Ow, ow, hey, ow, fuck off, stop it, ow, ow, stop it!"
         - Rodney King
 
 "Maybe we should tie one end down...ya think?"
         - An observer of the first (failed) Bungee jump
 
 "Maybe we should use something elastic...ya think?"
         - Same observer at the second (failed) Bungee jump
 
 "Hoooooooollllllllyyyyyyyyyy  Shhhhhiiiiiiiiiitttttttttttt !!!"
         - The first person to ever atempt Bungee jumping
 
 "My legs! Arghhh! My fucking legs!!!!!"
         - The second person to ever attempt Bungee jumping
 
 "I can't believe people laugh at this shit."
         - Steve Martin, contemplating anything he has ever done
 
 "Now what the fuck do I do?"
         - The Russian cosmonaut after the collapse of the Soviet
           Union
 
 "What the hell are you trying to say?"
         - Any dog looking at its owner
 
 "I still can't understand why anyone buys this shit."
         - The brewers at Labatt, discussing 50
 
 "Now how come I didn't think of that?"
         - The owner of a little book depository in Dallas
 
 "Wow, some lady walked into my room, picked me up, and put her
 breast in my mouth. I liked it!"
         - A baby boys first tangeable thought
 
 "What the..."
         - Famous last words of anyone stepping out in front of a
           truck
 
 "No, I didn't mean I believe I _am_ Jesus Christ, I meant I
 believe *IN* Jesus Christ!"
         - David Koresh, trying to get his ass out of the fire
 
 "Uh, just kidding!?!"
         - David Koresh, still trying to get his ass out of the fire
 
 "Guess I shouldn't have pissed them off."
         - Saddam Hussein, talking to one of his advisors, right
           before the Americans attacked
 
 "Hey!  Give me my fucking arm back!"
         - One of Jeffery Dahlmers victims
 
 "This is good Jeff, what is it?"
         - One of Jeffery Dahlmers friends, having dinner that evening
 
 "Hey!  Come on Jeff, now put the knife down!"
         - Jeffery Dahlmers friend, later that evening
 
 "Holy shit!  I'm boiling human heads! What the fuck am I thinking?!"
         - Jeffery Dahlmer's momentary lapse of sanity
 
 "What pretty lights!"
         - Any deer, any highway, late at night
 
 "Get me a bitch, I'm really horny!"
         - What Lassie was really trying to say when Timmy fell down
           the well
 
 "Watch me pull up nice and close to this iceberg."
         - The captain of the Titanic, trying to impress on of the
           female passengers
 
 "Chuck!  You made it, and you brought some friends!"
         - The host of the party the Manson family stormed
 
 "Rats!  Big Motherfucking Rats!"
         - Walt Disney, when asked what his vision for Disney World
           was
 
 
         Thanks to: Brian St. Pierre for this contribution


Bill Gates meets Hugh Grant at a Hollywood party. They are talking and
Bill says, "I've seen some great pictures of Divine Brown lately, I
sure would like to get together with her!"

Hugh replies, "Well Bill, you know ever since our incident, her price
has skyrocketed, she's charging a small fortune."

Bill (with a chuckle), "Hugh, money's no object to me. What's her
number?"

So Hugh gives Bill her number and Bill sets up a date. They meet &
after they finish, Bill is lying there in ecstasy, mumbling

"Divine... Divine... Divine... oh God... now I know why you choose the
name Divine."

To which she replies, "Thank you Bill. And now I know how you chose
the name Microsoft."

                            MICROSOFT
                            =========

_________________________
Microsoft:
     Contract programming house for IBM, and primary sustainer of the clone
     market.  IBM pays MS to write fancy software, then MS tweaks it a little,
     slaps the MS logon on it, and sells it to all the clone folks so they can
     keep competing with IBM.  There is no truth to the rumor that former
     Mafioso procure the IBM contracts for MS.  All products are given generic
     names (Word, Project, Works, Windows, etc.) to (a) confuse everybody
     unless (b) the name "Microsoft" is constantly repeated.  Made the founder
     $300,000,000+ in one day.
_________________________
From: zoinks@netcom.com (Chris Blackwell)

This friday I go some comp tickets to the annual Computer Bowl.
Usually a pretty dry affair, but I just had to share this one with you
all. (This is from memory, so the text may not be 100% verbatim)

The question posed was "What contest, held on the Internet, is
dedicated to examples of wierd, obscure, bizzare and really bad
programming?" (They were referring to the Obfuscated C contest)

For about 30 seconds the participants thought about it, and it was
apparent that nobody knew the answer. Then one of the French
contestants buzzed. His answer - "Microsoft Windows"

The expression on Bill Gates face (he was one of the judges) was
classic.
_________________________
Q: How many Microsoft engineers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
A: None:  they just redefine darkness as the industry standard.
_________________________
As you may be aware Bill Gates is about to launch Microsoft Wife.
After 3 years of marriage, Bill may upgrade to Wife 2.0.
_________________________
From: Sherri.Alashari@Eng.Sun.COM (Sherri Al-Ashari)

Remember that Microsoft joke that someone sent out last week, the one
that says it doesn't take any Microsoft engineers to screw in a light
bult because they'd just redefine darkness to be the standard?  Well
it was amazingly prescient.

Seattle's Saturday newspaper carried a front-page story about Bill
Gates' most recent traffic ticket.  Rather than pay the $47 fine for
turning left against *three* "No Left Turn" signs, he had his lawyers
challenge the legality of the sign!  And not only that sign; they
asked the city to prove it has the legal right to post any traffic
signs!!  Can you believe it.  The challenge didn't work, but the city
was so slow about proving the signs okay--it's not like they do it
every day--the traffic judge dismissed the ticket.
_________________________
Monday morning God decided that the world had reached the point of no
return.  So, he called Bill Clinton, Boris Yeltsin, and Bill Gates to
the gates of heaven.  He informed them of his decision and told them
to go back to their people and prepare them for the end of the world
on Thursday.

Boris Yeltsin gets on state television and tells his people that he
has bad news and worse news.  After decades of telling the Soviet
citizens that there is no God, he now realizes that he was wrong.  He
has seen God with his own eyes.  Worse yet, God has decided to destroy
the world and each person needs to prepare for Thursday as each sees
fit.

Bill Clinton calls a press conference and says that he has good news
and bad news.  After centuries of telling the US citizens that there
is a God, he has proof that we've been right.  He has seen God with
his own eyes.  But the bad news is that God has decided to destroy the
world and each person needs to prepare for Thursday as each sees fit.

Bill Gates calls an all-hands meeting.  He says that he has wonderful
news and even more wonderful news.  God, by calling him to the gates
of heaven with the leaders of the two most powerful nations in the
world, has just confirmed how important Bill Gates really is.  The
even better news is that on Thursday, IBM will stop shipping OS/2.
_________________________
Could've been written about Microsoft products:

"If you have a knife 9" in my back, and you pull it out 3", that is
 not progress"

        --Malcolm X
_________________________
1980's fortune:
  Sex is not the answer.  Sex is the question.  The answer is yes.

1990's fortune:
  Microsoft is not the answer.
  Microsoft is the question.
  The answer is "Just Say No!"
_________________________
"My view of Microsoft is that they had two goals in the last 10 years:
 to copy the Macintosh and to copy Lotus' success in the applications
 business.  And they accomplished those goals.  Now, they're kind of
 lost.  I've told Bill [Gates] that I think it's in Microsoft's best
 interest if NeXT becomes successful because we'll give him something
 to copy for the rest of this decade."

        -- Steve Jobs
_________________________
There once was a super Windows NT salesman that travel the world with
a great "can do everything and all" Windows NT demo (but the real
stuff was vaporware).  He sold it lonely Windows NT'ers like me and
made lots of money.  One day while dashing through the O'Hare Airport
to catch a flight he drop dead of a heart attack.

At the gates of heaven he was judged.  He had lived a borderline life
and was given the option of heaven or hell.  He could look into the
doors of each and choose.  As he opened the door to heaven, wonderful
music harp music played, he saw people floating on clouds and all was
bright and white.

Next he opened the doors to hell and saw nude people drinking beer and
dancing to rock and roll music.  Everyone was partying to the max.  It
was just like his one year at college.

As He met with his maker again, he said, Heaven is great and
wonderful, but other is more my style.  Think carefully he was told
but the other was his wish.

As the doors opened for him the intense heat hit him and he was pulled
in.  He stood before the devil and saw pain and sorrow everywhere.  He
shouted at the devil, "Where is the party and beer?".  The devil
laughed, "that was the demo, this is the real thing!"  :)

Bruce
_________________________
Since we can't make it good, we try to make it look good.
        - Bill Gates
_________________________
> Can you explain the mysterious popularity of Billy Joel?? Could he be
> the Anti-Christ??

And in response, thus spake the Oracle:

} No, because there's only one Antichrist, and Bill Gates has applied for
} the post.  It's really obvious.  Whenever you install a M$ product on a
} computer, all the speed goes straight to hell.
}
} You owe the Oracle a harder question.
_________________________
> Dear Oracle, master of all knowledge, what does UNIX stand for?

And in response, thus spake the Oracle:

} Ken Thompson claims that UNIX is "a weak pun on Multics," but this is
} a lie.  UNIX is a weak pun on eunuch.  Look around you.  Are any of
} your male peers ever going to reproduce?  And if their significant
} others DO become pregnant-- will you not doubt the identity of the
} father?
}
} UNIX is not all that impressive an operating system.  Why, then, is it
} so popular?  *UNIX is addictive!*  And, just like heroin, the UNIX
} drive quickly displaces the sex drive.  (Oh, sure, computer geeks talk
} a lot about wanting to get laid... but do they ever *do* anything
} about it?)
}
} Yet terrible as UNIX addiction is, there are worse fates.  If UNIX is
} the heroin of operating systems, then VMS is barbiturate addiction,
} the Mac is MDMA, and MS-DOS is sniffing glue.  (Windows is filling
} your sinuses with lucite and letting it set.)
}
} You owe the Oracle a twelve step program.
_________________________
An addition to the list of Operating Systems as rail systems:

MS-DOS is like the US rail system.  It's there, but you gotta
find other ways of getting where they want to go.
_________________________
        Fortran is the cockroach of programming languages
        MS-DOS is the Fortran of operating systems
        MS-Windows is the MS-DOS of windowing systems.
_________________________
About a year ago, a study published in _Academic_Computing_
entitled "Student Writing: Can the Machine Maim the Message"
suggested that college freshmen using Macintoshes wrote poorer
essays than students using DOS-based computers.

The researcher ran the compositions through the Unix Writer's
Workbench and tallied the scores.  She also graded them by hand.
Apart from inferior writing quality, she also found that students
using PCs, generally speaking, created more coherent work on more
serious issues (like crime, the death penalty and abortion) as
compared with Macintosh users, who wrote about fast food and
graffiti.

 Notice that this was a while ago, before Windoze.
 What do you think freshman students who used TeX wrote about?
_________________________

        _   /|
        \'o.O'
        =(___)=
           U

     THPTH! ACKHH!

Join Bill the Cat in the President's war against DOS.

          DOS

       JUST SAY

          NO
_________________________
Movie titles:
The Primeval Terror -- MS-DOS
Revenge of the Mutant Horror -- OS/2
Windows NT -- The Nightmare Continues
_________________________
Seen in the "women seeking men" part of the "Phone-Match" section of the
San Diego _Reader_ (freebie weekly newspaper):

   ARROGANT ENGINEER WANTED.  Educated, savvy brunette seeks tall,
   extremely intelligent, engineering type.  Ex-geeks welcome.
   Social skills not necessary; will train.  No drug or MS-DOS users.
_________________________
"MSDOS didn't get as bad as it is overnight -- it took over ten years
of careful development."  ---dmeggins@aix1.uottawa.ca
_________________________
Bumper Sticker: "Help stamp out progress, Run Windows"
_________________________
From: a_rubin@dsg4.dse.beckman.com (Arthur Rubin)

In <2i3vau$e43@news.duke.edu> rcml@acpub.duke.edu (Robert Lonon) writes:

>I'm looking for a utility that will slow down my 486 enough that
>I can run some of the older games I've got that are simply
>too fast to play on a 486.  Does anyone out there know
>of a site I could download such a program from?

It's called MS Windows.
_________________________
  "When you say 'I wrote a program that crashed Windows', people
  just stare at you blankly and say 'Hey, I got those with the
  system, *for free*'"

    - Linus Torvalds
_________________________
At Microsoft, Quality is Job 1.01
-- 
_________________________


 The Single Woman's Language Guide-How To Translate Menspeak

 When He Says                           He Really Means
 ------------                           ---------------

 Do you have the time?                  to go to bed

 Hello                                  Let's cut the talk and go have sex.

 How are you?                           in bed, I mean

 I'd like a discreet relationship.      I want sex, but I'm married.

 I'll be out of town for a few days.    I'll be spending time with the wife.

 I'm a novelist.                        I have 10 unpublished books.

 I'm coming off a long relationship.    My wife is divorcing me.

 I'm consulting.                        I'm looking for a job.

 I'm divorced.                          I just slipped off my wedding ring.

 I'm in television.                     I fix them.

 I'm involved in banking.               I'm a bank guard.

 I'm self-employed.                     I just got fired.

 I'm sorry I flirted with your sister.  I'm sorry I got caught.

 I'm thinking of relocating.            I can't find a job locally in this town.

 I can't leave my wife just yet..soon.  Be patient forever.

 I enjoy reading.                       Playboy and Penthouse.

 I have the Midas touch.                I install mufflers.

 I like a woman who is intelligent.     As long as she acts like I'm smarter.

 I love opera.                          I want sex, but I've seen an opera once.

 I play the market.                     Safeway I work high up in an executive.

 I work with computers.                 I'm a cashier at a gas station.

 Looking for a satisfying relationship.     I want sex.

 My business is really hot right now!   I hand out towels in a steam room.

 My job keeps me running.               I'm a messenger.

 My wife and I are separated.           She's at home and I'm here at the bar.

I am enjoying the list of college practical jokes so much I thought
I'd add a few (all of them have been used successfully; actually,
they were all used in a two week time span (along with some of the
other ones already posted) and a HUGE fight was started) ...

1 -     Take one of those Hallmark greeting cards that has a musical
        coin inside it - you know, the ones that play music when
        you open them.  Take the musical coin and put it underneath
        the mark's bed.  The music will be too quiet to hear when
        everyone is up and about, but will be faintly heard when the
        mark goes to sleep.  Guaranteed to drive him crazy!  Laugh
        out loud as he rips his bed apart!

2 -     On the night of a big exam that everyone is studying for,
        look out for the first person to go to sleep.  After you are
        sure that he is asleep throw the fuse box switch for his
        room.  This will turn off all the electricity in his room
        and will reset his alarm clock to midnight.  Loads of laughs
        when he misses the exam and fails out of school!

3 -     If somebody has an electrical appliance that really annoys you
        (stereo, hairdryer) put some clear nail polish around the prongs
        and let dry.  When dry, insert prongs back into the wall
        (nail polish is an insulator, but do this at your own risk).
        Hardly anybody thinks of checking the prongs when something
        doesn't work - they'll probably throw the whole thing out!

4 -     Extremely interesting sculptures can be made by tossing water
        directly into your freezer and then slamming the door shut.
        The contracting ice will not freeze the door shut.
        Add things like old shoes and books to get a three dimensional
        ice sculpture.  Ooops!  You accidentaly added somebody's car
        keys, or other important items and it will take at least a day
        for all the ice to melt!

5 -     Unscrew all the hinges on somebody's door and howl with laughter
        when they enter and the door crashes and breaks a few of their things!

6 -     Somebody pissing you off through improper laundry room protocol?
        Toss a leaky fountain pen cartridge into their wash and let
        nature run its course!

7 -     Another big exam?  Join in the study group and be the person who
        needs the most help over basic things, and always suggests ordering pizza,
        and shooting the bull, and let's stay up all night!, etc. and then faint
        with glee when you go to bed nice and early - you're not in the class
        after all and were only wasting everyone's time!

8 -     Shoot bottle rockets under somebody's door as they are asleep -
        guaranteed to scare them!

9 -     Soak a tennis ball in hair spray and light and then toss into somebody's
        room.  For some reason this scares the beejesus out of most people.
        (also a good way to get thrown out of school if you are found out).

10 -    Worried about marks getting revenge?  Get a large collection of urine
        in a glass jar with a sealable lid.  Toss in a couple of raw eggs,
        seal up, and store in a cool dark place for a couple of weeks.
        Nobody will ever give you any trouble when they know you have
        this at your disposal!  Take things a bit too far by actually
        throwing it on somebody!


 
      Since I learn almost everything by making mistakes, I thought some
      of you might avoid a little grief if I listed a few of them:
 
  1.  When you spill coffee on a floppy disk, the drive does not
      serve as a "spin-dry" cycle
 
  2.  After hooking a monochrome monitor into a rgb output video card,
      the firemen make rude comments about not thinking
 
  3.  You get flamed on an echo if your post to someone started with
      "Hey look, bonehead"
 
  4.  Liquid spilled into a keyboard never does "dry up" as quickly
      as you think it should
 
  5.  The only files you will ever want of an out-of-state bulletin
      board are files all over 2 megabytes long, in 6 parts.
 
  6.  Locking the keyboard out then losing the key on a Saturday night
      means no computer until Monday morning
 
  7.  Setting a password in your CMOS then forgetting it will cause
      many hours of panicky misery when you reboot
 
  8.  Most hard disks don't survive falls off of the tabletop
 
  9.  Printers don't work too well if you forget to plug them into
      the computer - spent 4 hours learning this maxim
 
 10.  When you tell a client that a particular piece of equipment
      doesn't do something, the revised version that does always hits
      the streets 2 weeks before you say it
 
 11.  Actually reading the manual only leads to confusion
 
 12.  While computers now have viruses, floppy disks don't actually get
      cold sores, that's a cigarette burn on the media
 
 13.  While you don't want to forget an important diskette for a client,
      putting it on the refrigerator with a magnet is not a good place
 
 14.  Never schedule a backup to coincide with a major power failure
 
 15.  When the lights in the house go very dim, it's because your
      computer is about to burn up - the same firemen get rude again
 
 16.  Frequently re-used floppies can get a waxy label build-up
 
 17.  The larger your hard disk, the more software you will buy
 
 18.  No matter how fast your modem is, it's slow
 
 19.  There is no such thing as screen colors that are "easy on the eyes"
 
 20.  Installation is easy, setup is moderately difficult, but tweaking
      to highest performance takes a lifetime
 
 21.  The warranty always DOES run out the day before
 
 22.  When you unpack a new piece of equipment to test it before
      delivery to a customer, it NEVER fits back into the box like
      it came out
 
 23.  If we all spoke Taiwanese, Chinese and Korean, schematics and docs
      would be easier to understand
 
 24.  Always, always write down which pins the red and black wires came
      off of when you took it apart
 
 25.  Always save all the parts left over after putting computer back
      together.
 

WINDOWS ERRORS in HAIKU

In Japan, they have replaced the impersonal and unhelpful
Microsoft error messages with their own haiku poetry.
Each haiku has three unrhymed lines of five, seven, and five
syllables.

Your file was so big.
It might be very useful.
But now it is gone.

The Web site you seek
Can not be located but
Countless more exist.

Chaos reigns within.
Reflect, repent, and reboot.
Order shall return.

ABORTED effort:
Close all that you have worked on.
You ask far too much.

Windows NT crashed.
I am the Blue Screen of Death.
No one hears your screams.

Yesterday it worked.
Today it is not working.
Windows is like that.

First snow, then silence.
This thousand dollar screen dies
So beautifully.

With searching comes loss
And the presence of absence:
"My Novel" not found.

The Tao that is seen
Is not the true Tao--until
You bring fresh toner.

Stay the patient course.
Of little worth is your ire.
The network is down.

A crash reduces
Your expensive computer
To a simple stone.

Three things are certain:
Death, taxes, and lost data.
Guess which has occurred.

You step in the stream,
But the water has moved on.
This page is not here.

Out of memory.
We wish to hold the whole sky,
But we never will.

Having been erased,
The document you're seeking
Must now be retyped.

Serious error.
All shortcuts have disappeared.
Screen. Mind. Both are blank.

These were stolen from    http://www.RixPlace.com/library/taglines.html
It says this kind of 
thievery was quite common, so I take it it's ok for me to put it here.



                               Nudist Taglines

                                A Bit O'Humor

      In the olden days, 2-3 years ago, a "tagline" was a one-line message
 that was attached to e-mail, primarily used at private Bulletin Boards
 (BBS's).

      The idea behind a tagline is to tell an entire story, joke, or
 express a philosophy in not more than one line. These taglines are from
 the Daily Sun (Nudist) BBS (now closed) that Rick operated from
 1993-1996. Rick thanks everyone whose taglines he stole! By the way:
 tagline thievery was common practice among BBS'ers.

      Today, taglines have evolved into "signature blocks." They've become
 bloated, and can ramble on for 1/2 of the message. An art form has been
 lost... (sigh)

  "On the fourth day of
  telecommuting, I realized that        "If it's so dirty to be naked, why
  clothes are totally unnecessary."     do we get naked to get clean?"
  -- Dilbert                            -- Bryan Maloney

    I've got a brand NUDE attitude!     You'll never catch a Nudist with
                                        his pants down.

  He who sleeps in the raw is in for
  a NUDE awakening.                     Skin does not equal sin.

  Most of the year, a Montana Nudist    "Clothes make the man, but
  is a Polar Bare.                      nakedness makes the human being."
                                        -- Kevin Kearney

  A flying saucer???!!
  Naw. Some nudist just spilled his          A harp is a nude piano.
  coffee.

  A nudist is one who suffers from      A smile is the sunshine that is a
  clothes-trophobia.                    part of life.

     A waist is a terrible thing to     Adam to Eve -- "I'll wear the
                 mind.                  plants in this family."

   Ain't nobody's business but my own.  Algebra: What the Little Mermaid
                                        wears.

   Are Scottish Nudists Off Kilt-er?    At a nude wedding, everybody can
                                        see who the best man is.

  Beaches are Free, but Nudist          Behind every succesfull man is
  Resorts have Cover Charges.           woman with nothing to wear.

  "Beauty when most unclothed is
  clothed best."                        Beware of all enterprises that
       -- Phineas Fletcher (English     require new clothes.
  Poet, 1582-1650)

  Betazoid Wedding Dress - Can't beat   Counselor Troi, please report to
  the price.                            my room. Clothing optional.

  ...Born naked, wet and hungry         Brian Hackett on Wings: "Think of
  ...and it gets worse!??               it as a country - Naked Land."

     Buddhist nudists practices yoga     Buffer: Programmer who works in
                 bare!                              the nude.

  But you can't let her drive! She's    Clothes were made to tell the
  legally blonde! See??!                difference between lawyers and
                                        people.

  Curious how naked death is less        D.A.M.N. (Naked Mothers Against
  obscene than naked women.                         Dyslexia)

    Do Nudist Resorts Clothes for the   Everyone needs a place in the sun,
                winter?                 especially when it rains.

  First they take your money, then      Floor: The place where you keep
  your clothes.                         your clothes.

      Keep abreast of developments:     Greeting between two nudists:
          Go to a nude beach.           "Buffalo" (Buff-Hello!)

  He who joins a nudist club pays a     "Hehehe cool V.bis! Nudie .gifs!"
  cover charge!!                        -- Baudhead

                                        Hell's just had bad P.R. Now
   I can type 10% faster in the nude.   where's my 1,000,000 suntan
                                        block?!

     Home Safety Tip #1: Don't iron
             whilst naked.              How do nudists play Flag Football?

  How do you tell a blind guy in a
  nudist resort? It's not hard.                 I hate tanlines.

  I hate tanlines. I don't have             I seem to be outgrowing my
  tanlines. Want to check it out?                birthday suit.

    I was naked when I wrote this...    I'd give up women if they didn't
                                        look so damn good naked...

  I'd love to, but I left my body in    I'm a natural blonde. See??!
  my other clothes.                     Please speak slowly.

     I'm as confused as a baby at a
              topless bar.              I'm not naked; I've got my hat on.

      I'm completely nude under my      Is this as much fun as you can
                clothes.                have with your clothes on?

   If clothes make a man then what is         If everyone were nude,
               a nudist?                    there would be no war....

  If God had for us to be nudists we    If God had meant for us to be
  would have been born that way.        naked, we would be so born.

                                        "If (the topless females) were
                                        violating any other rules, like
  If nudity was natural, we all would   sitting on a subway bench topless
  have been born naked.                 smoking a cigarette, then we would
                                        take action!" -New York Transit
                                        Authority

  Little boy to little girl:            Nudity was against everything Mom
       "You can't touch it, you broke   taught me. Guess what? Mom was
  yours."                               wrong!

  If you run out of underwear, you're   If you want to hide your face,
  streaking...                          walk naked.

   It's hard to be serious when you're  It's OK to wear the same thing
                 naked.                 every day: a smile.

  Lesson #1, don't fry bacon in the     Laundry: A place where clothes are
  nude                                  mangled.

        Nude: Barefoot all over.        "Nakedness is seldom seen but
                                        often noticed." - Chinese proverb

  Look for the girl with the sun in      Make a bold fashion statement:
  her eyes...                                      Get Naked.

  Naked Lunch - World Tour - 1995       Nature always sides with the
                                        hidden flaw!

  New-d callers use Georgia,            New-d callers use The Daily Sun
  Naturally! (Nudist) BBS...            (Nudist) BBS...

  Nudist investors favor a BARE         Nudist Lifestyle: Nothing Ventured
  market.                               Nothing Gained!

  Nudist Timezones: Light, Dark,        Nudist: "I'd give you the shirt
  Hungry, Next Week                     off my back...."

  Nudists always know where their       Nudists are friendly:
  towel is...                           When you wear only a smile you
                                        smile a lot.

        Nudists have more Sun...         Nudists have no dirty laundry!

  Nudists wear double-breasted          Self Expression Is The Key To
  Birthday Suits.                       Mental Health. Get naked now.

  She was naked and then
  &Zi?#+n*E#|2+A= NO CARRIER            Sharewear (n.) -- Used clothing.

  Silk was invented so that women       Skyclad dancing to the beat of the
  could go naked in clothes             drum.

  So, who's the dummy that invented
  clothes?                                 Sun your buns; do it nude!

  Sun your buns. Parking Lot G. Sandy   Surf naked; sharks hate to peel
  Hook, New Jersey.                     their food...

  Tagless messages just look naked         Terminator bumper sticker:
  somehow...                                   I TIME TRAVEL NAKED

  Trick Question: In what state were
  you born? .....(Answer): Nude.        The nude man fears no pickpockets!

   The only red menace left in America  They're laughing and having fun,
              is sunburn.               they MUST be up to something!

   Under that black robe, is the judge  Underneath all these clothes I am
                 nude?                          completely naked!

    4-Letter obscenities for nudists:
                 "COLD"                 "Very funny, Scotty. Now, BEAM
                 "RAIN"                 DOWN MY CLOTHES!!!"
                 "WORK"

  What George really said: "Read my     When a New Yorker looks as if he's
  lips, no nude Texans"                 suntanned, it's probably rust.

  What should you give a nudist for
  Christmas?                            "Which of these would look best on
  What CAN you get a nudist for         me naked?" -- Lwaxanna
  Christmas?

       Why are new nudists called
             "Cottontails?"             Yogi Bare was a Buddhist Nudist.

  You are never fully dressed until     You can always tell a nudist by
  you wear a smile.                     the one-button suits they wear!

  You don't have to be skinny to         You never outgrow your birthday
  enjoy skinny-dipping.                               suit.

       Non-Nudists are involved in      The Bare Family: Momma Bare, Poppa
              cover-ups!!               Bare, and Baby Bare.

  ...# May All Your Children Be Born    The Best thing to wear every day
  Naked #...                            is a smile.

       The Emperor is STILL naked.      Nudists wear double-breasted
                                        birthday suits.

         SANS REUNION TOUR '96          Farvergnaked: Nude German Driver.

  "Take off all your clothes and walk
  down the street waving a machete
  and firing a Uzi, and terrified       My parents told me "wear clothes".
  citizens will phone the police and    They also said "Santa Clause comes
  report: "There's a naked person       down the chimney"
  outside!" --Mike Nichols

  "Now you see it, now you don't..."    "What spirit is so empty and
  "Now you see it, now you don't..."    blind, that it cannot recognize
  "Now you see it, now you don't..."    the fact that the foot is more
  ......said the nudist, rolling down   noble than the shoe, and skin more
  the hill...                           beautiful than the garment with
  -The Benny Hill Show                  which it is clothed?"
                                        -- Michaelangelo

[For the uninitiated:
   MAF     Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries
   DoC     Department of Conservation
   WINZ    Work and Income New Zealand  (who hand out the benefits)
   tapu    (Maori) taboo, being sacred (religion)
   kakapo  one of three New Zealand native parrots, now almost extinct,
           despite best efforts long-term survival is questionable
]


IF NOAH LIVED TODAY...

And the Lord spoke to Noah and said, "In one year, I am going to make
it rain and cover the whole earth with water until all flesh is
destroyed. But I want you to save the righteous people and two of every
kind of living thing on the earth. Therefore, I am commanding you to
build an Ark." In a flash of lightning, God delivered the
specifications for an Ark. In fear and trembling, Noah took the plans
and agreed to build the Ark. "Remember," said the Lord, "You must
complete the Ark and bring everything aboard in one year."

Exactly one year later, fierce storm clouds covered the earth and all
the seas of the earth went into a tumult. The Lord saw that Noah was
sitting in his front yard weeping. "Noah," he shouted, "Where is the
Ark?" "Lord, please forgive me!" cried Noah. "I did my best, but there
were big problems.

First, I had to get a Resource Consent for construction and your plans
did not meet the codes. I had to hire an engineering firm and redraw
the plans and get an engineer's report from the Council. Then I got into
a fight with NZ Fire Service over whether or not the Ark needed a
sprinkler system and smoke alarms, and the Ministry of Health over the
provision of smoking or non smoking areas. Then the Residents
Association objected, claiming I was violating SAM zoning ordinances by
building an Ark in my front yard that was a recreational watercraft and
therefore a threat to existing homes.

Then I had problems getting enough wood for the Ark, because of the
ban on native logging on the West Coast. They tried to get me to
use Fijian Jara but I couldn't get the necessary dispensation from
Customs & Excise to import timber from a Pacific Island nation that
wasn't party to the international working party on the life cycle of
native timbers. I finally convinced DoC that I needed the wood to
indirectly save the kakapo from extinction which seemed to get a bit
of a reaction, however, the Royal Forest and Bird Society objected
and won't let me catch any kakapo. No kakapo. No wood.

Under the new Employment Contracts Act, the carpenters formed a union
and went out on strike. I had to negotiate a settlement under the
provisions of good faith bargaining before anyone would pick up a saw
or a hammer. OSH arrived and now I have to produce a Hazard Management
and Safety procedure before they start work and ACC are insisting we
pre-pay our annual premiums on the basis we may not be returning. So
now I have 16 carpenters on the Ark, but no kakapo and no wood.

When news got out that I was rounding up other animals, MAF arrived and
insisted I build quarantine facilities to hold them in for the 6 months
before sailing. The also wanted blood samples to prove no genetic
engineering practices were involved.

The next thing I know, the Regional Council is knocking on my door.
They want an Enviromental Impact Report on the proposed flood: the area
it would cover, the amount of water in cubic metres, impact on local
micro-ecosystems, velocity and force of water, cost to manufacturing
and production and local transport, areas for possible relocation and
resettlement. I tried telling them they were missing the point
entirely.

Right now, I am trying to resolve a complaint filed with the Equal
Opportunities Commission and the Race Relations Office that our
selection criteria does not fairly reflect the age, gender, religious
and race diversity of Earth.

Finally WINZ has waded in. They have seized my assets for alleged non
payment of child support. It seems a local baseball coach is claiming I
knocked her up last year at the tapu lifting ceremony for the
relocation of the New Plymouth cemetery. Mrs Noah is beside herself.
She's enrolled herself in the Women in Leadership Seminar and has
applied to the Waitangi Tribunal for her share of Tainui's corporate
box at Ericson stadium and is leaving me.

I really don't think I can finish the Ark for another five or six
years", Noah wailed. The sky began to clear, the sun began to shine and
the seas began to calm. A rainbow arched across the sky. Noah looked up
hopefully. "You mean you are not going to destroy the earth, Lord?"
"No", said the Lord sadly. "I don't have to. The government already
has."

                                      author unknown (but clever!)

 
         MOTHERHOOD AIN'T WHAT IT'S CRACKED UP TO BE
 Motherhood is really great
 From the first day that you know you're late.
 A lovely redness taints your cheeks
 And breakfast won't stay down for weeks.
 The Doctor pokes and pries and prods
 With antiseptic sterile rods.
 Oh, motherhood can be a riot
 When they put you on that special diet.
 Your ankles swell and tummy too.
 You crave strange foods like pickle stew.
 Your mind is filled with ugly fears.
 Your belly button disappears.
 Your clothes won't fit you anymore.
 You have to shop the "fatty" store.
 The kicks field goals deep inside.
 You curse the day the rabbit died.
 You pant and hate familiar stairs.
 You must have help in leaving chairs.
 You have bad moods, you boil and seethe.
 You go to class to learn to breathe.
 You start to blame you mate for this
 What some fools call "maternal bliss."
 When all those labor pains won't halt,
 You think: "It's all my husband's fault!"
 When your legs are strapped high in the air,
 The dirty rat ain't even there!
 And when the pain is most intense,
 You'd kill the bum for fifteen cents!
 --author unknown
 


From my friend, an ACT-voting accountant


The NZ dollar has continued its slide against the US Dollar and the
Pound Sterling. The dollar reached historic lows mid-week, dropping
below 46 NZ cents to the greenback. A NZ dollar now buys one gram of
hamster droppings and half a glass of Thames river water in the United
Kingdom.

Since the beginning of last week, many currency transactions bureaus in
France and Germany have been turning away NZ backpackers who have
wheelbarrows full of their useless home currency, desperate to change
it before its value declines even further.

The drop in the dollar has also had a dramatic impact for NZ tourists,
making the cost of travel prohibitively expensive and making many
people cancel their travel plans. In an early response to the
situation, American Express has modified its advertising campaign,
shortening its slogan specifically for the NZ market. It now simply
reads "Don't leave home".

But the new rates have made NZ an increasingly attractive destination
for tourists from the UK and US. Speaking from her palatial suite at a
harbourside hotel in Auckland, Shayla Mohr, a single mother from Idaho
on welfare, agreed that the beneficial exchange rates played a major
part in her decision to travel to NZ. "My food stamps don't go very far
at all back home" said Ms Mohr, "So I decided to cash them in a have a
trip to NZ. My last dole cheque has funded three weeks here and I've
been having a ball. You guys have such cute little money".

Despite the decline against the major currencies, the NZ dollar did
rally against some minor currencies in late trading on Friday. The
dollar posted gains against the dong, the rouble and the rupee before
markets closed.

The dollar also made some late gains against Monopoly Money. One NZ
dollar now buys 36 Monopoly cents, a rate which has caused difficulties
because there are no cents in Monopoly. But major owners of Monopoly
Money, such as Microsoft's Bill Gates, have refused to trade their cash
for NZ currency, dismissing the dollar as "pretend money".

In a statement from the beehive, finance minister Michael Cullen stated
that NZers have never had it so good. "Why would anyone want to holiday
overseas anyway. NZ is a great place to be, especially at this time of
the year. Those people contemplating an overseas trip in future will be
subject to The Holiday, Enjoyment and Fun Tax (THEFT). This new
deduction will be targeted at anyone who looks like they might have any
disposable income that might be spent on anything pleasurable."
Supporters of the new tax within the coalition government have
applauded Mr Cullen's initiative as innovative but not far reaching
enough. "It's this sort of measure that will entice ex-patriot Kiwis
back to NZ" said Mr Anderton in response to the announcement.

The Organic Blueberry Millionaire


An unemployed man goes to try for a job with Microsoft as a cleaner.
The manager there arranges for an aptitude test (Section: Floors,
sweeping of ...).

After the test, the manager tells him: "You will be appointed on the
scale of $30 per day. Let me have your email address, so that I can
send you a form to complete and advise you where to report for work on
your first day."

Taken aback, the unemployed man protests that he is neither in
possession of a computer nor of an email address. To this the MS
manager replies: "Well, then, that really means that you virtually
don't exist and can therefore hardly expect to be employed."

Stunned, the man leaves. Not knowing where to turn and only having
about $10 left, he decides to buy a 10kg box of organic blueberries.
Within less than two hours, he sells the blueberries at 100% profit.

Repeating the process several times more that day, he ends up with
almost $100 before going to sleep that night.

And thus it dawns on the man that he could quite easily make a living
selling blueberries. Getting up early and earlier every day and going
to bed late and later, he multiplies his hoard of profits in quite a
short time.

Not too long thereafter, he acquires a cart to transport several dozen
boxes of blueberries, only to have to trade it in again shortly
afterwards on a pick-up truck. By the end of the first year, he is the
owner of a fleet of pick-up trucks and manages a staff of several
hundred formerly unemployed people, all selling organic produce.

Considering the future of his wife and children, he decides to buy some
life insurance.

Calling an insurance adviser, he picks an insurance plan to fit his new
circumstances. At the end of the telephone conversation, the adviser
asks him for his email address in order that he might forward the
documentation.

When the man replies that he has no email, the adviser is stunned:
"What, you don't have email? How on earth have you managed to amass
such wealth without the Internet, e-mail and e-commerce? Just imagine
where you would have been by now, if you had been connected from the
very start!"

After a moment's silence, the blueberry millionaire replied: "Sure! I
would have been a cleaner at Microsoft!

The morals of the story are:

1: The Internet, email and e-commerce do not need to rule your life

2: Get e-mail, if you want to be a cleaner at Microsoft

3: If you don't have email, but work hard, you can still become a
millionaire

4: Seeing that you got this story via email, you're probably closer to
becoming a cleaner than you are to becoming a millionaire

5: If you do have a computer and email, you're probably being taken to
the cleaners by Microsoft


 
  Hi,
  my boss has asked me for comments and improvements on his new password
  security policy. To me, it seems a bit severe. If anyone can offer any
  additional suggestions please do, here goes...
  
  For immediate issue:
  Password changing guidelines V2.2b
  
  Due to new security policies, the following guidelines have
  been issued to assist in choosing new passwords. Please follow
  them closely.
  
  Passwords must conform to at least 21 of the following attributes.
  
  1.  Minimum length 8 characters
  2.  Not in any dictionary.
  3.  No word or phrase bearing any connection to the holder.
  4.  Containing no characters in the ASCII character set.
  5.  No characters typeable on a Sun type 5 keyboard
  6.  No subset of one character or more must have appeared on
      Usenet news, /dev/mem, rand(3), or the King James bible (version 0.1alpha)
  7.  Must be quantum theoretically secure, i.e. must automatically change
      if observed (to protect against net sniffing).
  8.  Binary representation must not contain any of the sequences 00 01 10 11,
      commonly known about in hacker circles.
  9.  Be provably different from all other passwords on the internet.
  10. Not be representable in any human language or written script.
  11. Colour passwords must use a minimum 32 bit pallette.
  12. Changed prior to every use.
  13. Resistant to revelation under threat of physical violence.
  14. Contain tissue samples of at least 3 vital organs.
  15. Incontravertible by OJ Simpsons lawyers.
  16. Undecodable by virtue of application of 0 way hash function.
  17. Odourless, silent, invisible, tasteless, weightless, shapeless, lacking
      form and inert.
  18. Contain non-linear random S-boxes (without a backdoor).
  19. Self-escrowable to enable authorities to capture kiddie-porn people
      and baddies but not the goodies ("but we'll only decode it with a
      court order, honest").
  20. Not decryptable by exhaustive application of possible one time pads.
  
  Due to the severity of the restrictions, if the password is entered
  incorrectly 3 times at login time, you will be asked if you would like to
  pick a new one.
  
  Please add guidelines to the above and adjust the minimum conformation
  requirement, if applicable.
  


 Dear Friends:
 
 When I came into the office this morning, I noticed a sort of
 general feeling of unfriendliness and since several of you have
 openly called me a dirty son-of-a-bitch to my face, I know I must
 have done something wrong at our office party last Friday.  The
 Office Manager called me today from the hospital and so this is my
 last day here.  I would like to take this way of apologizing to all
 of you.  I would prefer speaking to each of you personally, but all
 of you seem to go deaf and dumb whenever I try to talk to you.
 
 First, to our dear and beloved boss, Mr. Simons, I am sorry for all
 the things I called you Friday afternoon.  I am very much aware
 your father is not a baboon, nor your mother a whore.  Your wife is
 a delightful woman and my story of you buying her for fifty cents
 in Tia Juana was a fragment of my imagination.  Your children are
 undoubtedly yours too.  About the water cooler incident, well, you
 will never know how badly I feel about it and I hope they didn't
 hurt your head when they were trying to get the glass jug off.
 
 To Miss Ashby, I express my deepest regrets.  In my own defense I
 must remind you that you seemed to enjoy our little escapade on the
 stairs as much as I did until the bannister broke and we fell eight
 feet to the second floor landing.  In spite of the rupture you
 incurred when I landed on top of you, I am sure you will admit that
 when we landed it was one of the biggest thrills you have ever had.
 
 Sam Franklin, you old cuss, you've just got to forgive me for that
 little prank I played on you.  If I had known you were goosey, I'd
 never have done it.  It could have been a lot worse if that fat
 lady had not been standing right under the window you jumped
 through; she broke your fall a lot.  People have been killed
 falling three stories.
 
 George, I can't tell you how sorry I am that I went all over the
 office, telling everyone that you cheated on a third grade exam.
 You know I was kidding...how could I know you did a thing like
 that?  But for Emory to say he was going to record this in your
 personnel file...well, don't you think that is going too far?
 
 Miss Jenkings, I sincerely apologize for saying that you were HIV
 positive.  I'm sure this rumor will cut way down on your extra-
 curricular activities, and all I can say it that it was the punch
 talking, not me.  Perhaps you can bring in a certificate from your
 doctor?
 
 Fred Owens, I know you are not a convicted felon, and that you
 didn't leave the party early because you had to report to your
 parole officer.  I was just joking when I said I was going to
 report you to the cops.
 
 
 
 Mr. Gray, I regret telling the firemen it was you who turned in the
 alarm, but of course, I had no way of knowing they would have such
 bad attitudes bout it.  Those fire hoses sure have a lot of
 pressure, don't they?
 
 Bill Thomas, I know how you must have felt about me.  Opening the
 door to the mop closet suddenly must have startled you and Miss
 Finch quite a bit, and when I think of how hard you bumped your
 chin on the sink when you bent over to pull up your pants, it makes
 me sick.  We'll have to get together for dinner some night after
 the dentist finishes your plate.
 
 Hermon, putting that tennis ball in the toilet was unforgivable.
 I wasn't thinking about how many people would be using the toilet
 after drinking all that punch, and the way that thing flooded all
 over the floor and out into the hall...well, you would think they
 would make the neck of those toilets a little bigger, wouldn't you?
 I notice this morning that most of the water has been mopped up, so
 I guess that little stunt really did ruin your week-end.  Sorry
 'bout that.
 
 Miss Brown, the only excuse I can offer for stealing all of your
 clothes and hiding them when I found you had passed out in the
 Ladies Room, was that I was drunk.  Also, I want you to know I was
 very embarrassed when I could not remember where I hid them and you
 had to go home in that sofa cover.  Running your falsies up the
 flagpole was a bit too much, I guess, but like I said, I was
 little drunk.
 
 To all the rest of you, I am sorry.  Setting Mrs. Botts' lace
 panties on fire seemed funny idea at the time, and it makes me sad
 to hear that her husband is divorcing her because of it.  Going wee
 wee in the punch was in awful taste, too, and not telling until you
 all drank it was even worse.
 
 Now that I have apologized to all and know I am forgiven, I have a
 big surprise for you.  Even though I don't work here anymore, I'm
 going to do my damndest to get back to the office picnic next
 Friday.
 
                               Regards,
 
 
                                Stan

        If Operating Systems Were Beers
        -------------------------------

        DOS Beer
        Requires you to use your own can opener, and requires you
        to read the directions carefully before opening the can.
        Originally only came in an 8-oz. can, but now comes in a
        16-oz. can.  However, the cans are divided into 8 compartments
        of 2 oz. each, which have to be accessed separately.  Soon
        to be discontinued, although a lot of people are going to
        keep drinking it after it's no longer available.

        Mac Beer
        At first, came only in a 16-oz. can, but now comes in a 32-oz.
        can.  Considered by many to be a "light" beer.  All the cans
        look identical.  When you take one from the fridge, it opens
        itself.  The ingredients list is not on the can.  If you call
        to ask about the ingredients, you are told that "you don't
        need to know."  A notice on the side reminds you to drag your
        empties to the trashcan.

        Windows 3.1 Beer
        The world's most popular.  Comes in a 16-oz. can that looks a
        lot like a Mac Beer's can.  Requires that you already own a DOS
        Beer.  Claims that it allows you to drink several DOS Beers
        simultaneously, but in reality, you can drink a few of them,
        very slowly, especially slowly if you are drinking the Windows
        Beer at the same time.  Sometimes, for apparently no reason,
        a can of Windows Beer will explode when you open it.

        OS/2 Beer
        Comes in a  32-oz. can.  Does allow you to drink several DOS
        Beers simultaneously.  Allows you to drink Windows 3.1 Beer
        simultaneously too, even if you shake them up.  You never
        really see anyone drinking OS/2 Beer, but the manufacturer
        (International Beer Manufacturing) claims that 9 million
        six-packs have been sold.

        Windows 95 Beer
        You can't buy it yet, but a lot of people have taste-tested
        it and claim it's wonderful.  The can looks a lot like Mac
        Beer's can, but tastes more like Windows 3.1 Beer.  It comes
        in 32-oz. cans, but when you look inside, the cans only have
        16-oz. of beer in them.  Most people will probably keep drinking
        Windows 3.1 beer until their friends try Windows 95 Beer and
        say they like it.  The ingredients list, when you look at the
        small print, has some of the same ingredients that come in DOS
        Beer, even though the manufacturer claims that this is an entirely
        new brew.

        Windows NT Beer
        Comes in 32-oz. cans, but you can only buy it by the truckload.
        This causes most people to have to go out and buy bigger
        refrigerators.  The can looks just like Windows 3.1 Beer's, but
        the comapny promises to change the can to look just like Windows
        95 Beer's - After Windows 95 Beer starts shipping.  Touted as an
        "industrial strength" beer, and suggested only for use in bars.

        Unix Beer
        Drinkers of Unix Beer display fierce brand loyalty, even though
        they claim that all the diffeent brands taste almost identical.
        Sometimes the pop-tops break off when you try to open them, so
        you have to have your own can opener around for those occasions,
        in which case you either need a complete set of instructions, or
        a friend who has been drinking Unix Beer for several years.

        AmigaDOS Beer
        The comapny has gone out of business, but their recipe has been
        picked up by some weird German company, so now this beer will be
        an import.  This beer never really sold very well because the
        original manufacturer didn't understand marketing.  Like Unix
        Beer, AmigaDOS Beer fans are an extemely loyal and loud group. It
        originally came in a 16-oz. can, but now comes in 32-oz.
        cans too.  When this can was originally introduced, it appeared
        flashy and colorful, but the design hasn't changed much over the
        years, so it appears dated now.  Critics of this beer claim that
        it is only meant for watching TV anyway.

        VMS Beer
        Requires minimum user interaction, except for popping the top and
        sipping.  However cans have been known on occasion to explode, or
        contain extremely un-beer-like contents.  Best drunk in high
        pressure development you're told that is proprietary and referred
        to an unknown listing in the manuals published by the FDA.  Rumors
        are that this was once listed in the Physician's Desk Reference
        as a tranquilizer, but no one can claim to have actually seen it.


        The biggest problem is before you drink any one of them you have
        to buy a really expensive bag of chips to go with it.

(author unknown)

 
  Programming Languages are Like Women
 
  There are so many programming languages available that it can be
 very  difficult to get to know them all well enough to pick the
 right one for you.  On the other hand most men know what kind of
 woman appeals to them. So here  is a handy guide for many of the
 popular programming languages that describes  what kind of women
 they would be if programming languages were women.
 
  Assembler - A female track star who holds all the world speed
 records.  She  is hard and bumpy, and so is not that pleasant to
 embrace.  She can cook up  any meal, but needs a complete and
 detailed recipe.  She is not beautiful or  educated, and speaks in
 monosyllables like "MOV, JUMP, INC".  She has a  fierce and
 violent temper that make her the choice of last resort.
 
  FORTRAN - Your grey-haired grandmother.  People make fun of her
 just because  she is old, but if you take the time to listen, you
 can learn from her  experiences and her mistakes.  During her
 lifetime she has acquired many  useful skills in sewing and
 cooking (subroutine libraries) That no younger  women can match,
 so be thankful she is still around.  She has a notoriously  bad
 temper and when angered will start yelling and throwing dishes.
 It was  mostly her bad temper that made grandad search for another
 wife.
 
  COBOL - A plump secretary.  She talks far too much, and most of
 what she says  can be ignored.  She works hard and long hours, but
 can't handle really  complicated jobs.  She has a short and
 unpredictable temper, so no one really  likes working with her.
 She can cook meals for a huge family, but only knows  bland
 recipes.
 
  BASIC - The horny divorcee that lives next door.  Her specialty
 is seducing  young boys and it seems she is always readily
 available for them.  She  teaches them many amazing things, or at
 least they seem amazing because it is  their first experience.
 She is not that young herself, but because she was  their first
 lover the boys always remember her fondly.  Her cooking and
 sewing skills are mediocre, but largely irrelevant, it's the
 frolicking that  the boys like.  The opinion that adults have of
 Mrs.  BASIC is varied.  Shockingly, some fathers actually
 introduce their own sons to this immoral  woman!  But generally
 the more righteous adults try to correct the badly  influenced
 young men by introducing them to well behaved women like Miss
 Pascal.
 
  PL/I - A bordello madam.  She wears silk dresses, diamonds, furs
 and red high  heels.  At one time she seemed very attractive, but
 now she just seems  overweight and tacky.  Tastes change.
 
  C - A lady executive.  An avid jogger, very healthy, and not too
 talkative.  Is an good cook if you like spicy food.  Unless you
 double check everything  you say (through LINT) you can unleash
 her fierce temper.  Her daughter C++  is still quite young and
 prone to tantrums, but it seems that she will grow  up into a fine
 young woman of milder temper and more sophisticated character.
 
  ALGOL 60 - Your father's wartime sweetheart, petite, well
 proportioned, and  sweet tempered.  She disappeared mysteriously
 during the war, but your dad  still talks about her shapely form
 and their steamy romance.  He never  actually tasted much of her
 cooking.
 
  Pascal - A grammar school teacher, and Algol 60's younger sister.
 Like her  sister she is petite and attractive, but very bossy.
 She is a good cook but  only if the recipe requires no more than
 one pot (module).
 
  Modula II - A high-school teacher and Pascal's daughter.  Very
 much like her  mother, but she has learned to cook with more than
 one pot.
 
  ALGOL 68 - Algol 60's niece.  A high-society woman, well educated
 and terse.  Few men can fully understand her when she talks, and
 her former lovers still  discuss her mysterious personality.  She
 is very choosy about her romances  and won't take just any man as
 her lover.  She hasn't been seen lately, and  rumor has it that
 she died in a fall from an ivory tower.
 
  LISP - She is an aging beatnik, who lives in a rural commune with
 her hippie  cousins SMALLTALK and FORTH.  Many men (mostly college
 students) who have visited the farmhouse,-- enthusiastically
 praise the natural food, and perpetual love-ins that take place
 there.  Others criticize the long cooking times, and the abnormal
 sexual postures (prefix and postfix). Although these women seldom
 have full-time jobs, when they do work, their employers praise
 them for their imagination, but usually not for their efficiency.
 
 APL - A fancy caterer specializing in Greek food.  She can cook
 delicious meals for rows and rows of tables with dozens of people
 at each table.  She doesn't talk much, as that would just slow her
 work down.  Few people can understand her recipes, since they are
 in a foreign language, and are all recorded in mirror writing.
 
 LOGO - A grade-school art teacher.  She is just the kind of
 teacher that you wish you had when you were young.  She is shapely
 and patient, but not an interesting conversationalist.  She can
 cook up delicious kiddie snacks, but not full-course meals.
 
 LUCID & PROLOG - These clever teenagers show a new kind of cooking
 skill. They can cook-up fine meals without the use of recipes,
 working solely from a description of the desired meal (declarative
 cooking).  Many men are fascinated by this and have already
 proposed marriage.  Others complain that the girls work very
 slowly, and that often the description of the meal must be just as
 long as a recipe would be.  It is hard to predict what these girls
 will be like when they are fully mature.
 
 Ada - A WAC colonel built like an amazon.  She is always setting
 strict rules, but if you follow them, she keeps her temper.  She
 is quite talkative, always spouting army regulations, and using
 obscure military talk.  You gotta love her though, because the
 army says so.
 

Abbott's Admonitions:
  1)  If you have to ask, you're not entitled to know.
  2)  If you don't like the answer, you shouldn't have asked the question.

Abrams's Advice:
  When eating an elephant, take one bite at a time.

Rule of Accuracy:
  When working toward the solution of a problem,
  it always helps if you know the answer.

Corollary:
  Provided, of course, that you know there is a problem.

Acheson's Rule of the Bureaucracy:
  A memorandum is written not to inform the reader but to protect the writer.

Acton's Law:
  Power tends to corrupt; absolute power corrupts absolutely.

Ade's Law:
  Anybody can win -- unless there happens to be a second entry.

Airplane Law:
  When the plane you are on is late, the plane you want to transfer to
  is on time.

Albrecht's Law:
  Social innovations tend to the level of minimum tolerable well being.

Algren's Precepts:
  Never eat at a place called Mom's.  Never play cards with a man named
  Doc.  And never lie down with a woman who's got more troubles than you.

Allen's Law of Civilization:
  It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be
  coming up it.

Bradley's Bromide:
  If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee -
  that will do them in.

Civilization:
  Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations
  which we can do without thinking of them.

Agnes Allen's Law:
  Almost anything is easier to get into than out of.

Fred Allen's Law:
  I'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy.

Alley's Axiom:
  Justice always prevails ... three times out of seven.

Allison's Precept:
  The best simple-minded test of experience in a particular area is the
  ability to win money in a series of bets on future occurrences in
  that area.

Anderson's Law:
  I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when you
  looked at it in the right way, did not become still more complicated.

Andrew's Canoeing Postulate:
  No matter which direction you start, it's always against the wind
  coming back.

Andrew's Deduction:
  Attila the Hun came from a broken home.

Law of Annoyance:
  When working on a project, if you put away a tool that you're certain
  you're finished with, you will need it instantly.

Anthony's Law of Force:
  Don't force it, get a larger hammer.

Anthony's Law of the Workshop:
  Any tool, when dropped, will roll into the least accessible corner of
  the workshop.

Corollary:    On the way to the corner, any dropped tool will first strike
                your toes.

Approval Seeker's Law:
  Those whose approval you seek the most give you the least.

The Aquinas Axiom:
  What the gods get away with, the cows don't.

Army Axiom:
  Any order that can be misunderstood has been misunderstood.

Army Law:
  If it moves, salute it; if it doesn't move, pick it up; if you can't
  pick it up, paint it.

Astrology Law:
  It's always the wrong time of the month.

Fourteenth Corollary of Atwood's General Law of Dynamic Negatives:
  No books are lost by loaning except those you particularly wanted to keep.

Avery's Rule of Three:
  Trouble strikes in series of threes, but when working around the house
  the next job after a series of three is not the fourth job -- it is the
  start of a brand new series of three.

Babcock's Law:
  If it can be borrowed and it can be broken, you will borrow it and you
  will break it.

Baer's Quartet:
  What's good politics is bad economics; what's bad politics is good
  economics; what's good economics is bad politics; what's bad
  economics is good politics.

Baker's Byroad:
  When you are over the hill, you pick up speed.

Baker's Law:
  Misery no longer loves company.  Nowadays it insists on it.

Baldy's Law:
  Some of it plus the rest of it is all of it.

Barr's Comment on Domestic Tranquility:
  On a beautiful day like this it's hard to believe anyone can be unhappy
  -- but we'll work on it.

Barth's Distinction:
  There are two classes of people: those who divide people into
  two classes, and those who don't.

Bartz's Law of Hokey Horsepuckery:
  The more ridiculous a belief system, the higher the probability of its
  success.

Baruch's Rule for Determining Old Age:
  Old age is always fifteen years older than I am.

Forthoffer's Cynical Summary of Barzun's Laws:
  1)  That which has not yet been taught directly can never be taught
      directly.
  2)  If at first you don't succeed, you will never succeed.

Baxter's First Law:
  Government intervention in the free market always leads to a lower
  national standard of living.

Beardsley's Warning to Lawyers:
  Beware of and eschew pompous prolixity.

Beauregard's First Law:
  When you're up to your nose, keep your mouth shut.

Beauregard's Second Law:
  All people are cremated equal.

Thoughts on reality :
  The trouble with having both feet on the ground is
  that it brings one into unbearably close contact
  with the world.
                     Thomas Szasz
                     -"Heresies"

Definition: Lawyers :
  Litigants are amateur self-justifiers; Lawyers
  are the professional justifiers of others.
                     Thomas Szasz
                     -"Heresies"

Axiom on thinking :
  There is no good digestion without hydrochloric acid;
  and there is no good thinking without adrenaline.
                     Thomas Szasz
                     -"Heresies"
  Beware of people who tell you that a little knowledge
  is a dangerous thing - unless they quickly add that
  no knowledge is a fatal thing. They are trying to make
  you more vulnerable, not more wise.
                     Thomas Szasz
                     -"Heresies"

Thoughts on management :
  If everyone dislikes it, it must be looked into.
  If everyone likes it, it must be looked into.

e.e. cummings' theory of knowledge:
  all ignorance toboggans into know

Becker's Law:
  It is much harder to find a job than to keep one.

Belle's Constant:
  The ratio of time involved in work to time available for work is usually
  about 0.6.

Benchley's Distinction:
  There are two types of people:  those who divide people into two types,
  and those who don't.

Benchley's Law:
  Anyone can do any amount of work, provided it isn't the work he is
  supposed to be doing at that moment.

First Law of Bicycling:
  No matter which way you ride, it's uphill and against the wind.

The Billings Phenomenon:
  The conclusions of most good operations research studies are obvious.

Billing's Law:
  Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.

Blaauw's Law:
  Established technology tends to persist in spite of new technology.

Blanchard's Newspaper Obituary Law:
  If you want your name spelled wrong, die.

Bok's Law:
  If you think education is expensive -- try ignorance.

Boling's Postulate:
  If you're feeling good, don't worry.  You'll get over it.

Bolton's Law of Ascending Budgets:
  Under current practices, both expenditures and revenues rise to meet
  each other, no matter which one may be in excess.

Bombeck's Rule of Medicine:
  Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.

Boyle's Observation:
  A welfare state is one that assumes responsibility for the health,
  happiness, and general well-being of all its citizens except the taxpayers.

Boston's Irreversible Law of Clutter:
   In any household, junk accumulates to fill the space available for
   its storage.

Booker's Law:
  An ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction.

Bonafede's Revelation:
  The conventional wisdom is that power is an aphrodisiac.
  In truth, it's exhausting.

Boob's Law:
  You always find something the last place you look.

Boozer's Revision:
  A bird in the hand is dead.

Boren's Laws of the Bureaucracy:
  1)  When in doubt, mumble.
  2)  When in trouble, delegate.
  3)  When in charge, ponder.

Borstelmann's Rule:
  If everything seems to be coming your way, you're probably in the
  wrong lane.

Boultbee's Criterion:
  If the converse of a statement is absurd, the original statement is an
  insult to the intelligence and should never have been said.

Branch's First Law of Crisis:
  The spirit of public service will rise, and the bureaucracy will multiply
  itself much faster, in time of grave national concern.

First Law of Bridge:
  It's always the partner's fault.

Brien's First Law:
  At some time in the life cycle of virtually every organization, its
  ability to succeed in spite of itself runs out.

Broder's Law:
  Anybody that wants the presidency so much that he'll spend two years
  organizing and campaigning for it is not to be trusted with the office.

Brontosaurus Principle:
  Organizations can grow faster than their brains can manage them in
  relation to their environment and to their own physiology; when this
  occurs, they are an endangered species.

Brooks's Law:
  Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.

Brooke's Law:
  Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool discovers
  something which either abolishes the system or expands it beyond
  recognition.

(Sam) Brown's Law:
  Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.

(Tony) Brown's Law of Business Success:
  Our customer's paperwork is profit.  Our own paperwork is loss.

Bruce-Brigg's Law of Traffic:
  At any level of traffic, any delay is intolerable.

Buchwald's Law:
  As the economy gets better, everything else gets worse.

Bucy's Law:
  Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.

Bumper Sticker Axiom:
  VM systems programmers do it virtually all the time.

Bunuel's Law:
  Overdoing things is harmful in all cases, even when it comes to
  efficiency.

Burns's Balance:
  If the assumptions are wrong, the conclusions aren't likely to be
  very good.

Butler's Law of Progress:
  All progress is based on a universal innate desire on the part of every
  organism to live beyond its income.

Bye's First Law of Model Railroading:
  Anytime you wish to demonstrate something, the number of faults is
  proportional to the number of viewers.

Bye's Second Law of Model Railroading:
  The desire for modeling a prototype is inversely proportional to the
  decline of the prototype.

Cahn's Axiom (Allen's Axiom):
  When all else fails, read the instructions.

Calkin's Law of Menu Language:
  The number of adjectives and verbs that are added to the description of a
  menu item is in inverse proportion to the quality of the resulting dish.

John Cameron's Law:
  No matter how many times you've had it, if it's offered, take it, because
  it'll never be quite the same again.

Camp's Law:
  A coup that is known in advance is a coup that does not take place.

Campbell's Law:
  Nature abhors a vacuous experimenter.

Canada Bill Jones's Motto:
  It's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.

Canada Bill Jones's Supplement:
  A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.

Cannon's Cogent Comment:
  The leak in the roof is never in the same location as the drip.

Captain Risser's Law:
  If it's in stock, we have it!

Cavanaugh's Postulate:
  All kookies are not in a jar.

Law of Character and Appearance:
  People don't change; they only become more so.

Checkbook Balancer's Law:
  In matters of dispute, the bank's balance is always smaller than yours.

Cheop's Law:
  Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.

Chesterton's Observation:
  I have seen the truth and it makes no sense.

Chili Cook's Secret:
  If your next pot of chili tastes better, it probably is because of
  something left out, rather than added.

Chisholm's Second Law:
  When things are going well, something will go wrong.

Corollaries:
  1)  When things just can't get any worse, they will.
  2)  Anytime things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something.

The First Discovery of Christmas Morning:
  Batteries not included.

The First Discovery of Christmas Afternoon:
  Give a kid a new toy - Dad will play with the toy, the kid
  will play with the box it came in.

Etorre's Observation:
  The other line moves faster.

Faber's Fourth Law:
  Necessity is the mother of strange bedfellows.

Feldstein's Law:
  Never, ever, play leapfrog with a unicorn.

The Golden Rule:
  Whoever has the gold makes the rules.

Rev. Mahaffey's Observation:
  There's no such thing as a small whiskey.

The Law of Probable Dispersal:
  Whatever hits the fan will not be evenly distributed
  (also known as: The How Come It All Landed On Me Law).

Martha's Maxim:
  If God had meant for us to travel tourist class, He would
  have made us narrower.

Russell's Observation:
  Due to a lack of trained trumpeters, the end of the world
  has been postponed indefinitely.

Ellenberg's Theory:
  One good turn gets most of the blanket.

The Point of No Return Law:
  The light at the end of the tunnel could turn out to be the
  headlight of an oncoming train.

Moer's Truism:
  The trouble with most jobs is the resemblance to being in a sled dog team:
  No one gets a change of scenery, except the lead dog.

Firestone's Law of Forecasting:
  Chicken Little only has to be right once.

Gordon's First Law:
  If a project is not worth doing at all, it is not worth doing well.

Grierson's Law of Minimal Self-Delusion:
  Every man nourishes within himself a secret plan
  for getting rich that will not work.

Gumperson's Law:
  The probability of anything happening is inversely proportional
  to its desirability.

Hoare's Law of Large Problems:
  Inside every large problem there is a small problem
  struggling to get out.

Horowitz's First Law of the Admirality:
  A collision at sea can ruin your entire day.

How's Law:
  Every man has a scheme that will not work.

Jiminez's Maxim:
  If they give you ruled paper, write the other way.

Jones' Motto:
  Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.

Mahr's Law of Restrained Involvement:
  Don't get any on you.

Maier's Law:
  If the facts do not conform to the theory, they must be discarded.

The First Law of Management:
  Kickbacks must always exceed bribes.

Munroes Observation:
  Common sense is not that common.

Murphy's Law:
  If anything can go wrong, it will.

The New Math Version of Murphy's Law:
  If there is a 50/50 chance of something going wrong,
  nine times out of ten it will.

O'Toole's Commentary on Murphy's Law:
  Murphy was an optimist.

The First Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  Nothing is as easy as it looks.

The Second Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  Everything takes longer than you think.

The Third Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  If there is a possibility of several things going wrong,
  the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.

The Fourth Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  If you perceive that there are four possible ways in
  which a procedure can go wrong, and circumvent these,
  then a fifth way will promptly develop.

The Fifth Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.

The Sixth Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  Whenever you start out to do something,
  something else must be done first.

The Seventh Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  Every solution breeds new problems.

The Eighth Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  It is impossible to make anything foolproof because
  fools are so ingenious.

The Ninth Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.

The Tenth Corollary to Murphy's Law:
  Mother nature is a bitch.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 11:
  If you fool around with a thing for very long,
  you will screw it up.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 12:
  Fixing a thing takes longer and costs more than you thought.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 13:
  No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation for detail.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 14:
  Complex problems have simple, easy-to-understand wrong answers.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 15:
  In order for something to become clean,
  something else must become dirty.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 16:
  An easily understood, workable falsehood is more useful
  than a complex, incomprehensible truth.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 17:
  Anything based on greed and avarice is on a firm footing and will prevail.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 18:
  We have more to fear from the bumbling of the incompetent
  than from the machinations of the wicked.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 19:
  As the economy gets better, everything else gets worse.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 20:
  If several things that could have gone wrong have not gone wrong,
  it would have been ultimately beneficial for them to have gone wrong.

Murphy's Law, Version No. 21:
  The secret of success is sincerity.  Once
  you can fake that, you  have it made.

Ninety-ninety Rule of Project Schedules:
  The first 90% of the task takes 90% of the time.
  The last 10% of the task takes the other 90%.

Nonreciprocal Laws of Expectations:
  Negative expectations yield negative results.
  Positive expectations yield negative results.

Nowlan's Truism:
  An "acceptable level of unemployment" means that the
  government economist to whom it is acceptable still has a job.

Pastore's Truth:
  Most jobs are marginally better than daytime TV.

Turnaucka's Law:
  The attention span of a computer is only as long as it's
  electrical cord.

Laws of Programming:
  Definition:  A working  program is  one  that has  only
               unobserved bugs

Laws of Programming:
   #1  - Every non-trivial program has at least one bug
         Corollary 1:  A sufficient  condition for program
                       triviality is that it have no bugs.
         Corollary 2:  At least one bug will be observed
                       after the author leaves the
                       organization

Laws of Programming:
   #2  - Bugs will appear in  one part of a working program
         when another "unrelated" part is modified

Laws of Programming:
   #3   - The subtlest bugs cause the greatest damage and
          problems.
      Corollary  1: A subtle bug will modify storage
                 thereby masquerading as some other
                 problem

Laws of Programming:
   #4  - ("Lulled into  security Law") A "debugged" program
         that crashes will wipe out source files on storage
         devices when there is the least available backup

Laws of Programming:
   #5  - A hardware failure will cause system software to
         crash, and the customer engineer will blame the
         programmer

Laws of Programming:
   #6  - A system software crash will cause hardware to act
         strangely  and  the  programmers   will  blame  the
         customer engineer

Laws of Programming:
   #7  - The documented interfaces between standard
         software modules will have undocumented quirks

Laws of Programming:
   #8  - The probability of a hardware failure disappearing
         is inversely proportional to the distance between
         the computer and the customer engineer

Laws of Programming:
   #9  - Murphy designed all system software
    Note: For those  who may be in doubt,  Murphy's Law states
           that if anything can go  wrong, it will, and always
           at the most inconvenient time.

Laws of Programming:
   #10  - (Galvin's Law): Murphy was an optimist

Laws of Programming:
   #11  - Any given program, when running, is obsolete

Laws of Programming:
   #12  - If a program is useless, it will have to be documented
          If a program is useful it will have to be changed

Laws of Programming:
   #13  - Any program will expand to fill all available memory

Laws of Programming:
   #14  - The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its
          output

Laws of Programming:
   #15  - Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability
          of the programmer to maintain it

Laws of Programming:
   #16  - Make it possible for programmers to write in English and
          you will find out that programmers cannot write in English

Thoughts on Programming, Number 1:
   If a programmer is found to be indispensable, the best thing to
   do is to get rid of him as quickly as possible.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 2:
   Some years ago, when COBOL was the great white programming
   hope, one heard much talk of the possibility of executives
   being able to read programs ... nobody can seriously have
   this! ... even programmers do not read programs.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 3:
   There are ... programs that should be thrown away before ever
   being used.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 4:
   Asking for efficiency and adaptability in the same program is
   like asking for a beautiful and modest wife ... we'll probably
   have to settle for one or the other.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 5:
   If the programmer is working in a language that allows only
   three dimensions, we are not likely to observe more than three.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 6:
   Putting a bunch of people to work on the same problem doesn't
   make them a team.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 7:
   Each program has an appropriate level of care and
   sophistication dependent on the uses to which it will be put.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 8:
   To detect errors, the programmer must have a conniving mind,
   one that delights in uncovering flaws where beauty  and
   perfection were once thought to lie.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 9:
   For locating errors, however, we want a person who has the
   persistence of a mother-in-law and the collecting instincts of
   a pack rat.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 10:
   If the poor workman hates his tools, the good workman hates
   poor tools.  The work of the workingman is, in a sense, defined
   by his tools.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 11:
   'Programming' - like 'loving' - is a single word that
   encompasses an infinitude of activities.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Einstein's View of Questions
   The important thing is not to stop questioning.  Curiosity has
   its own reason for existing.
                   -Albert Einstein

Thoughts on Programming, Number 12:
   Programming shares with prayer the feature of directional
   transmission and broadcast reception.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 13:
   In some terminal systems ... the user can keep his
   program from being pushed down in the priority stack by
   fiddling with the shift key while he is thinking.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 14:
   The expert is a person who avoids the small errors as he sweeps
   on to the grand fallacy.
                   -Anonymous

Thoughts on Programming, Number 15:
   The nature of programming being what it is, there is no
   relationship between the 'size' of the error and the problems
   it causes.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 16:
   When a programmer has a difficult time finding a bug, it is
   because he is looking in the wrong place.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 17:
   Documentation is the castor oil of programming ... the
   managers know it must be good because programmers hate it so
   much.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 18:
   The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten per cent of its
   capacity - the rest is overhead for the operating system.
                   -Anonymous

Thoughts on Programming, Number 19:
   We stand at the brink of a new age, an age made possible by the
   revolution that is embodied in the computer. Standing on the
   brink, we could totter either way - to a golden age of liberty
   or a dark age of tyranny, either of which would surpass
   anything the world has ever known.  Perhaps no individual's
   efforts will make any difference in the result, but we must
   never cease trying, for then the result is sure to be tyranny.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 20:
   A ship on the beach is a lighthouse to the sea.
                   -Dutch proverb

Thoughts on Programming, Number 21:
   The programmed computer has all the fascination of the pinball
   machine or the jukebox mechanism, carried to the ultimate.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 22:
   The programmer, like the poet, works only slightly removed from
   pure thought-stuff.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 23:
   Designing grand concepts is fun; finding nitty little bugs
   is just work.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 24:
   As soon as one freezes a design, it becomes obsolete in terms
   of its concepts.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 25:
   Good cooking takes time.  If you are made to wait, it is to
   serve you better, and to please you.
                   -Menu of Restaurant Antoine, New Orleans

Thoughts on Programming, Number 26:
   All programmers are optimists.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 27:
   This time it will surely run.
                   -Anonymous
   I just found the last bug.
                   -Unanimous

Thoughts on Programming, Number 28:
   A large programming effort ... consists of many tasks, some
   chained end-to-end.  The probability that each will go well
   becomes vanishingly small.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 29:
   Cost does indeed vary as the product of the number of men and
   the number of months. Progress does not. Hence the man-month
   as a unit for measuring the size of a job is a dangerous and
   deceptive myth.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 30:
   The bearing of a child takes nine months, no matter how many
   women are assigned.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 31:
   When everything has been seen to work, all integrated, you have
   four more months work to do.
                   -Charles Portman
                   International Computers Limited

Thoughts on Programming, Number 32:
   Observe that for the programmer, as for the chef, the urgency
   of the patron may govern the scheduled completion of the task,
   but it cannot govern the actual completion.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 33:
   Brooks Law: Adding manpower to a late software project makes it
   later.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 34:
   The sheer number of minds to be coordinated affects the
   cost of the effort.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 35:
   Conceptual integrity is the most important consideration
   in system design.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 36:
   The purpose of a programming system is to make a computer easy to use.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 37:
   Neither function alone nor simplicity alone defines a good
   design.
                   -The Mythical Man-Month
                    Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 38:
   Add little to little and there will be a big pile.
                   -Ovid

Thoughts on Programming, Number 39:
   He'll sit here and he'll say, 'Do this! Do that!' And nothing
   will happen.
                   - Harry S  Truman

Thoughts on Programming, Number 40:
   Never go to sea with two chronometers; take one or three.
                   -Anonymous

Thoughts on Programming, Number 41:
   I know it.  I know what needs to be done - but every time I try
   to tackle a technical problem some bloody fool wants me to make
   a decision about trucks - or telephones - or some damn thing.
                   -Robert Heinlein
                   The Man Who Sold the Moon

Thoughts on Programming, Number 42:
   The problem was that everybody who was working there, including
   myself, wanted to do really neat stuff but THEY didn't want
   neat stuff, they just wanted a lot of stuff fast.
                   -Rick Baker, make-up artist for King
                   Kong, Star Wars, et. al.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 43:
   The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to
   chance.
                   -Robert R. Coveyou
                   Oak Ridge National Laboratory

Thoughts on Programming, Number 44:
   It's redundant!  It's redundant!
                   -R. E. Dundant

Thoughts on Programming, Number 45:
   I don't know any reason why we couldn't do it, but maybe we can
   think of one.
                   -Mark C. Davison

Thoughts on Programming, Number 46:
   Bug?  That's not a bug, that's a feature.
                   -T. John Wendel

Thoughts on Programming, Number 47:
   The computer 'Doth make fools of us all'.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 48:
   Any fool without the ability to share a laugh on himself will
   be unable to tolerate programming for long.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 49:
   The programmer's national anthem is 'AAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH'.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 50:
   When we finally see the light, we see how once again we have
   fallen into some foolish assumption, some oafish practice, or
   some witless blunder.
                   -The Psychology of Computer Programming,
                    Gerald M. Weinberg

Thoughts on Programming, Number 51:
   The computer always has an excuse: the programmer never does.
                   -Mark C. Davison

Thoughts on Programming, Number 52:
   The user does not know what he wants until he sees what he gets.
                   -Ed Yourdon

Thoughts on Programming, Number 53:
   Completely compatible - things that work together with less
   than $1000 of interfaces and less than 100 man-hours of
   software patches.
                   -Datamazing, 4/1/78

Thoughts on Programming, Number 54:
   Stack manipulation - the use of inflatable falsies.
                   -Datamazing, 4/1/78

Thoughts on Programming, Number 55:
   Design of both hardware and software must be considered when
   doing the system design.
                   -Proceedings of the IEEE, 2/78, p.167

Thoughts on Programming, Number 56:
   The job cannot be done right unless the necessary tools are
   available.
                   -Proceedings of the IEEE, 2/78, p.174

Thoughts on Programming, Number 57:
        I hear and I forget.
        I see and I remember.
        I do and I understand.
                   -Confucius

Thoughts on Programming, Number 58:
   On a clear disk you can seek forever.
                   -Computerworld button

Thoughts on Programming, Number 59:
   I write all my critical routines in assembler, and my comedy
   routines in FORTRAN.
                   -Anonymous

Thoughts on Programming, Number 60:
   It is impossible to make anything foolproof because  fools  are
   so ingenious.
                   -Edsel Murphy, dec.

Thoughts on Programming, Number 61:
   It seems intuitively clear that the existence of an error in a
   program will not be reflected in the  test  result  unless  the
   program component in error is executed during the test.
                   -J.C. Huang, Program Instrumentation

Q's Law:
     No matter what stage of completion one reaches in a North Sea
     oil project, the cost of the remainder of the project remains
     the same.

Radar's Fundamental Truth:
     The grass is brown on both sides of the fence.

Sander's Rumination:
     Life is a game, the object of which is to discover the
     object of the game.

Segal's Law:
     A man with one watch knows what time it is.  A man with
     two watches is never sure.

The Law of Selective Gravity:
     An object will fall so as to do the most damage.

Jenning's Corollary:
     The chance of the bread falling with the buttered side down
     is directly proportional to the cost of the carpet.

Skinner's Constant (Flanagan's Finagling Factor):
     That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to,
     or subtracted from the answer you get, gives the answer you
     should have gotten.

Snafu Equation No. 6:
     Badness comes in waves.

The Unspeakable Law:
     As soon as you mention something ...
       - if it's good, it goes away.
       - if it's bad, it happens.

Watson's Injunction:
     THINK!

Wohl's Riddle:
    Q.     What is so rare as a day in June?
    A.     A day in February, which is 6.7% more rare;
     except in leap year when it is still 3.3% more rare.
                                            -- R. Wohl

The Law of Xerox:
     Anything important loses its value soon after being Xeroxed.

Zymurgy's First Law of Evolving Systems Dynamics:
     Once you open a can of worms, the only way to recan them
     is to use a larger can.

Cole's law:
     Thinly sliced cabbage.

Schwartz Says:
     Playing games leads to Mastery!

Rob's Retort
     The insult of an enemy is better then the flattery of a friend.

Jones' Law:
     The man who can smile when things go wrong...
     has thought of someone he can blame it on.

Weinberg's Law:
    If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs,
    then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.

RB's Five-thumb Postulate:
     Experience varies directly with the equipment ruined.

The James-Watt-oriented Observation:
     Beauty is only skin-deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.

The Illiterati Programus Canto 1:
     A program is a lot like a nose -
     Sometimes it runs and sometimes it blows.

Lafayette's Reprisal:
     The squeaky wheel gets replaced.

The Illiterati Programus Introduction:
      To get the job you really want, you must:
        1.  Make a business case against it.
        2.  Use irrefutable arguments against it.
      You will then be put in charge of it.

The Turing Test:
     A sort of LOVE BOAT for machines.
     If you survive a week of it, you pass.

Advanced Systems News Letter
     The nail that sticks up gets hammered down.
                       --Anonymous

Fallibility:
     Fallible men design fallible computers.
     A computer program does what you tell it to do, not what you want
     it to do.

Rules of Pratt:
 #1  If a severe problem manifests itself, no solution is acceptable
     unless it is involved, expensive, and time consuming

Rules of Pratt:
 #2  Sufficient monies to do the job correctly the first time are not
     available, however, ample funds are much easier obtained for
     repeated revisions.

Grosch's Law:
 #1  Computing power increases as the square of the cost increases,
     if you want to do it twice as cheap you have to do it four times
     as fast.

Grosch's Law:
 #2  Twenty percent of the components account for eighty percent of
     the cost, and so forth.

Troutman's Programming Law:
 #1  If a test installation function's perfectly, all subsequent systems
     will malfunction.

Troutman's Programming Law:
 #2  Not until a program has been in production for at least six months
     will the most harmful error then be discovered.

Troutman's Programming Law:
 #3  Job control cards that cannot be arranged in improper order will be

Troutman's Programming Law:
 #4  Interchangeable tapes won't

Troutman's Programming Law:
 #5  If the input editor has been  designed to reject all bad input,
     an ingenious idiot will discover a method to get bad data past it.

Troutman's Programming Law:
 #6  Machines work, people should think.

Golub's Laws of computerdom:
 #1  A carelessly planned project takes three times longer to complete
     than expected; a carefully planned project will take only twice
     as long.

Golub's Laws of computerdom:
 #2  The effort required to correct the error increases geometrically
     with time.

Golub's Laws of computerdom:
 #3  Project teams detest weekly progress reporting because it so
     vividly manifests their lack of progress.

Hunts Law of Suspense:
     If any work has a suspense date on it, that work will be completed
     as close to the suspense date as possible regardless of how far in
     advance it was programmed.

Grace's Words:
     What ever happened to "manage machine, lead people"

Computers vs People:
     One good reason why computers can do more work than people
     is that they never have to stop and answer the phone.

The Programmer's Nemesis:
     Experts theorize that through evolution and inbreeding,
     programmers may become a distinct subspecies of the human race.

A Law for the Future:
     If it's not in a computer, it doesn't exist.

Hogan's Homily:
     We won't have personal computing until we can get them little
     and talking.

Wain's Conclusion:
     The only people making money these days are the ones who sell
     computer paper.

Computer Axiom:
 #1  When putting it into memory, remember where you put it.

Law of Cybernetic Entomology:
     There's always one more bug.

Landau's Programming Paradox:
 #1  The best programmer has to be someone

Landau's Programming Paradox:
 #2  The more humanlike a computer becomes the less time it spends
     computing and the more time it spends doing more humanlike work.

Landau's Programming Paradox:
 #3  A software committee of one is limited by its own horizon and
     will only specify that far.

Extended Epstein-Heisenberg Principle:
   - In a program atmosphere, only two of the three existing
     measurements can be measured simultaneously. The measurements
     are program, time, and resource ($).
      - If one knows what the task is, and there is a time limit allowed
        for the completion of the task, then one cannot guess how much
        it will cost
      - If the time and resource ($) are clearly defined, then it is
        impossible to know what part of the program will be performed.
      - If you are given a clearly defined program goal and a definite
        amount of money which has been calculated to be necessary for
        the completion of the task, one cannot predict if and when the
        goal will be reached.
      - If one is lucky enough and can accurately define all three
        measurements, then what one deals with is not in the realm
        of programming.

Gallois's Revelation:
   If you put tomfoolery in a computer nothing comes out but tomfoolery.
   But this tomfoolery, having passed through a very expensive machine,
   is somehow enobled and none dare criticize it.


X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X

 Another file downloaded from:                               NIRVANAnet(tm)

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Jeff Hunter          510-935-5845
 Rat Head                                 Ratsnatcher          510-524-3649
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408-363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   415-567-7043
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           415-583-4102

   Specializing in conversations, obscure information, high explosives,
       arcane knowledge, political extremism, diversive sexuality,
       insane speculation, and wild rumours. ALL-TEXT BBS SYSTEMS.

  Full access for first-time callers.  We don't want to know who you are,
   where you live, or what your phone number is. We are not Big Brother.

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X

Editors Note:THESE ARE A HUGE COLLECTION OF QUOTES PART 1


McGowan's Madison Avenue Axiom:
     If an item is advertised as "under $50", you can bet it's not $19.95.
*
Van Roy's Law:
     An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys.
*
How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
*
Underlying Principle of Socio-Genetics:
        Superiority is recessive.
*
Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you.  They're too
busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.
*
Ducharm's Axiom:
        If you view your problem closely enough you will recognize
        yourself as part of the problem.
*
A Law of Computer Programming:
        Make it possible for programmers to write in English and you
        will find the programmers cannot write in English.
*
Turnaucka's Law:
        The attention span of a computer is only as long as its
        electrical cord.
*
One good reason why computers can do more work than people is that they
never have to stop and answer the phone.
*
Bradley's Bromide:
        If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a
        committee -- that will do them in.
*
At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will
find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on
the computer.
*
If you put garbage in a computer nothing comes out but garbage.  But
this garbage, having passed through a very expensive machine, is
somehow enobled and none dare criticize it.
*
Old programmers never die.  They just branch to a new address.
*
The past always looks better than it was.  It's only pleasant because
it isn't here.
                -- Finley Peter Dunne (Mr. Dooley)
*
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
                -- Groucho Marx
*
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
                -- Groucho Marx
*
Eggheads unite!  You have nothing to lose but your yolks.
                -- Adlai Stevenson
*
A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest
in students.
                -- John Ciardi
*
The IQ of the group is the lowest IQ of a member of the group divided
by the number of people in the group.
*
Imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality.
                -- Jules de Gaultier
*
Ingrate: A man who bites the hand that feeds him, and then complains of
indigestion.
*
Justice: A decision in your favor.
*
Kin: An affliction of the blood
*
Lie: A very poor substitute for the truth, but the only one discovered
to date.
*
Love at first sight is one of the greatest labor-saving devices the
world has ever seen.
*
Lunatic Asylum: The place where optimism most flourishes.
*
Majority: That quality that distinguishes a crime from a law.
*
Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to.
                -- Mark Twain
*
Man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called
upon to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
                -- Oscar Wilde
*
Menu: A list of dishes which the restaurant has just run out of
*
"The way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start
with a large fortune."
*
Noncombatant: A dead Quaker.
                -- Ambrose Bierce
*
The Law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich, as well as the
poor, to sleep under the bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal
bread.
                -- Anatole France
*
BLISS is ignorance
*
God is a comic playing to an audience that's afraid to laugh
*
Predestination was doomed from the start.
*
Duct tape is like the force.  It has a light side, and a dark side, and
it holds the universe together...
                -- Carl Zwanzig
*
Xerox does it again and again and again and ...
*
Never call a man a fool; borrow from him.
*
Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.
*
Love is sentimental measles.
*
Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after layer, then you find
there is nothing in it.
*
If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; but if you
really make them think they'll hate you.
*
I never fail to convince an audience that the best thing they could do
was to go away.
*
If we do not change our direction we are likely to end up where we are
headed.
*
"All my friends and I are crazy.  That's the only thing that keeps us
sane."
*
"If you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is
make the rubble bounce"
                -- Winston Churchill
*
But scientists, who ought to know
Assure us that it must be so.
Oh, let us never, never doubt
What nobody is sure about.
                -- Hilaire Belloc
*
Hello Dr. Falken.
Would you like to play Global Thermo-nuclear War?
*
Real Programmers don't write specs -- users should consider themselves lucky to
get any programs at all and take what they get.
*
Real Programmers don't comment their code.  If it was hard to write, it should
be hard to understand.
*
Real Programmers don't write application programs; they program right down on
the bare metal.  Application programming is for feebs who can't do systems
programming.
*
Real Programmers don't eat quiche.  In fact, real programmers don't know how to
SPELL quiche.  They eat Twinkies, and Szechwan food.
*
Real Programmers don't write in COBOL.  COBOL is for wimpy applications
programmers.
*
Real Programmers' programs never work right the first time.  But if you throw
them on the machine they can be patched into working in "only a few" 30-hour
debugging sessions.
*
Real Programmers don't write in FORTRAN.  FORTRAN is for pipe stress freaks and
crystallography weenies.
*
Real Programmers never work 9 to 5.  If any real programmers are around a 9 AM,
it's because they were up all night.
*
Real Programmers don't write in BASIC.  Actually, no programmers write in BASIC
after the age of 12.
*
Real Programmers don't write in PL/I.  PL/I is for programmers who can't decide
whether to write in COBOL or FORTRAN.
*
Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires you to
changer clothes.  Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers wear their
climbing boots to work in case a  mountain should suddenly spring up in the
middle of the machine room.
*
Real Programmers don't document.  Documentation is for simps who can't read the
listings or the object deck.
*
Real Programmers don't write in PASCAL, or BLISS, or ADA, or any of those pinko
computer science languages.  Strong typing is for people with weak memories. 
*
The secret to success is sincerity. Once you learn to fake that you have
it made.
*
Never let your child play with a loaded carp.
*
The answer is 42.
-Deep Thought
*
I don't do booze,
it dulls the drugs.
*
LSD consumes 47 times its weight in excess reality.
*
I'm not as think as you stoned I am.
*
Computers are infalllible.
*
The three laws of thermodynamics:

The First Law:  You can't get anything without working for it.
The Second Law: The most you can accomplish by working is to break
                even.
The Third Law:  You can only break even at absolute zero.
*
Famous last words:
        1) "Don't worry, I can handle it."
        2) "You and what army?"
        3) "If you were as smart as you think you are, you wouldn't be
            a cop."
*
Our OS who art in CPU, UNIX be thy name.
        Thy programs run, thy syscalls done,
        in kernel as it is in user!
*
Nothing is faster than the speed of light...

To prove this to yourself, try opening the refrigerator door before
the light comes on.
*
Q: How many heterosexual males does it take to screw in a light bulb in
   San Francisco?
A: Both of them.
*
San Francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was.
*
Insanity is hereditary.  You get it from your kids.
*
Anarchy may not be the best form of government, but it's better than no
government at all.
*
Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?
*
Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last
you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his
atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
                -- Mark Twain
*
"Now is the time for all good men to come to."
                -- Walt Kelly
*
Laetrile is the pits
*
Got Mole problems?
Call Avogardo 6.02 x 10^23
*
There's no future in time travel
*
Vitamin C deficiency is apauling
*
Time flies like an arrow
Fruit flies like a banana
*
Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.
*
Electrical Engineers do it with less resistance.
*
"Really ??  What a coincidence, I'm shallow too!!"
*
But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the
system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed,
analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.
                -- Bruce Leverett
                   "Register Allocation in Optimizing Compilers"
*
Psychiatrists say that one out of four people are mentally ill.  Check
three friends.  If they're ok, you're it.
*
USER n.: A programmer who will believe anything you tell him.
*
Worst Month of the Year: February.  February has only 28 days in it,
which means that if you rent an apartment, you are paying for three
full days you don't get.  Try to avoid Februarys whenever possible.
*
Worst Vegetable of the Year: The brussels sprout.  This is also the
worst vegetable of next year.
*
Worst Month of 1981 for Downhill Skiing: January.  The lines are the
shortest, though.
*
There once was a girl named Irene
Who lived on distilled kerosene
        But she started absorbin'
        A new hydrocarbon
And since then has never benzene.
*
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus
handicapped.
                -- Elbert Hubbard
*
Computer programmers do it byte by byte
*
"I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but
World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones."
                -- Albert Einstein
*
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
                -- Eleanor Roosevelt
*
I must have slipped a disk -- my pack hurts
*
What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do.
*
This login session: $13.99, but for you $11.88
*
"I just need enough to tide me over until I need more."
                -- Bill Hoest
*
Q: How many Oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
A: Three.  One to screw in the lightbulb and two to fend off all those
Californians trying to share the experience.
*
Now and then an innocent person is sent to the legislature.
*
She missed an invaluable opportunity to give him a look that you could
have poured on a waffle.
*
He looked at me as if I was a side dish he hadn't ordered.
*
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
*
It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
*
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
*
The new Congressmen say they're going to turn the government around.  I
hope I don't get run over again.
*
What garlic is to salad, insanity is to art.
*
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out if it alive.
*
Forgetfulness: A gift of God bestowed upon debtors in compensation for
their destitution of conscience.
*
Absentee: A person with an income who has had the forethought to remove
himself from the sphere of exaction.
*
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
*
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code.
*
"In short, _N is Richardian if, and only if, _N is not Richardian."
*
President Reagan has noted that there are too many economic pundits and
forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.
*
Absent: Exposed to the attacks of friends and acquaintances; defamed;
slandered.
*
Brain, v.: [as in "to brain"] To rebuke bluntly, but not pointedly; to
dispel a source of error in an opponent.
*
Truthful: Dumb and illiterate.
*
A computer, to print out a fact,
Will divide, multiply, and subtract.
        But this output can be
        No more than debris,
If the input was short of exact.
                -- Gigo
*
Corrupt: In politics, holding an office of trust or profit.
*
Nature and nature's laws lay hid in night,
God said, "Let Newton be," and all was light.

It did not last; the devil howling "Ho!
Let Einstein be!" restored the status quo.
*
Razors pain you;
Rivers are damp;
Acids stain you;
And drugs cause cramp.
Guns aren't lawful;
Nooses give;
Gas smells awful;
You might as well live.
                -- Dorothy Parker
*
Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time
to reform.
                -- Mark Twain
*
There cannot be a crisis next week.  My schedule is already full.
                -- Henry Kissinger
*
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
                --Oscar Wilde
*
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
                -- Oscar Wilde
*
About the time we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the
ends.
                -- Herbert Hoover
*
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and
that is not being talked about.
                -- Oscar Wilde
*
The sun was shining on the sea,
Shining with all his might:
He did his very best to make
The billows smooth and bright --
And this was very odd, because it was
The middle of the night.
                -- Lewis Carroll
*
It's not that I'm afraid to die.  I just don't want to be there when it
happens.
                -- Woody Allen.
*
The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more
annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation.
                -- Oscar Wilde
*
I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
                -- Joe Walsh
*
43rd Law of Computing:
        Anything that can go wr
fortune: Segmentation violation -- Core dumped
*
Never try to outstubborn a cat.
                -- Lazarus Long
*
FLASH!  Intelligence of mankind decreasing.  Details at ... uh, when
the little hand is on the ....
*
Only God can make random selections.
*
Space is big.  You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-
bogglingly big it is.  I mean, you may think it's a long way down the
road to the drug store, but that's just peanuts to space.

                -- "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
*
Limericks are art forms complex,
Their topics run chiefly to sex.
        They usually have virgins,
        And masculine urgin's,
And other erotic effects.
*
Kinkler's First Law:
        Responsibility always exceeds authority.

Kinkler's Second Law:
        All the easy problems have been solved.
*
"Why be a man when you can be a success?"
                -- Bertold Brecht
*
"Matrimony isn't a word, it's a sentence."
*
How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb?

None.  The Universe spines the bulb, and the Zen master stays out of
the way.
*
University: Like a software house, except the software's free, and it's
usable, and it works, and if it breaks they'll quickly tell you how to
fix it, and ...
*
How many hardware engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
None: "We'll fix it in software."
*
How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
None: "We'll document it in the manual."
*
How many tech writers does it take to change a lightbulb?
None: "The user can work it out."
*
God made the Idiot for practice, and then He made the School Board
                -- Mark Twain
*
Be wary of strong drink.  It can make you shoot at tax collectors and
miss
*
Bride: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
*
The Pig, if I am not mistaken,
Gives us ham and pork and Bacon.
Let others think his heart is big,
I think it stupid of the Pig.
*
I think that I shall never see
A billboard lovely as a tree.
Perhaps, unless the billboards fall
I'll never see a tree at all.
*
Bizarreness is the essence of the exotic
*
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess
*
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday
*
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they AREN'T after you.
*
Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life.
*
Take heart amid the deepening gloom that your dog is finally getting
enough cheese
*
Whether you can hear it or not
The Universe is laughing behind your back
*
Go 'way!  You're bothering me!
*
Put your Nose to the Grindstone!
                -- Amalgamated Plastic Surgeons and Toolmakers, Ltd.
*
Chicken Soup:  An ancient miracle drug containing equal parts of
aureomycin, cocaine, interferon, and TLC.  The only ailment chicken
soup can't cure is neurotic dependence on one's mother.
                -- Arthur Naiman
*
One of the oldest problems puzzled over in the Talmud is: "Why did God
create goyim?"  The generally accepted answer is "_s_o_m_e_b_o_d_y has to buy
retail."
                -- Arthur Naiman
*
"I am not an Economist.  I am an honest man!"
                -- Paul McCracken
*
Dying is a very dull, dreary affair.  And my advice to you is to
have nothing whatever to do with it.
                -- W. Somerset Maughm
*
Good-bye.  I am leaving because I am bored.
                -- George Saunders' dying words
*
Die?  I should say not, dear fellow.  No Barrymore would allow such a
conventional thing to happen to him.
                -- John Barrymore's dying words
*
Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.
*
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct
one.
*
If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some.
*
Everyting should be built top-down, except the first time.
*
Every program has (at least) two purposes: the one for which it was
written and another for which it wasn't.
*
If a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake
him up.
*
Optimization hinders evolution.
*
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is
not worth knowing.
*
Everyone can be taught to sculpt:  Michelangelo would have had to be
taught how _n_o_t to.  So it is with the great programmers.
*
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together.
*
Never call a man a fool.  Borrow from him.
*
Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.
*
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.
*
Stop searching.  Happiness is right next to you.
*
Stop searching.  Happiness is right next to you.  Now, if they'd only
take a bath...
*
"He was so narrow minded he could see through a keyhole with both
eyes..."
*
It seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the
flag.
*
Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to
avoid responsibility with?
*
SHIFT TO THE LEFT!  SHIFT TO THE RIGHT!
POP UP, PUSH DOWN, BYTE, BYTE, BYTE!
*
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the
average man can see better than he can think.
*
"If God lived on Earth, people would knock out all His windows."
                -- Yiddish saying
*
Waiter: "Tea or coffee, gentlemen?"
1st customer: "I'll have tea."
2nd customer: "Me, too -- and be sure the glass is clean!"
        (Waiter exits, returns)
Waiter: "Two teas.  Which one asked for the clean glass?"
*
The men sat sipping their tea in silence.  After a while the klutz
said, "Life is like a bowl of sour cream."
     "Like a bowl of sour cream?" asked the other.  "Why?"
     "How should I know?  What am I, a philosopher?"
*
Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on
people.
                -- W. C. Fields
*
There is something fascinating about science.  One gets such wholesale
returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
                -- Mark Twain
*
This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget
it.
*
Afternoon very favorable for romance.  Try a single person for a
change.
*
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
*
Green light in A.M. for new projects.  Red light in P.M. for traffic
tickets.
*
Artistic ventures highlighted.  Rob a museum.
*
Keep emotionally active.  Cater to your favorite neurosis.
*
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.  Don't believe a
thing he tells you.
*
Do not drink coffee in early A.M.  It will keep you awake until noon.
*
You may be recognized soon.  Hide.
*
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes.  You'll learn a lot
today.
*
Good day for overcoming obstacles.  Try a steeplechase.
*
Day of inquiry.  You will be subpoenaed.
*
You could get a new lease on life -- if only you didn't need the first
and last month in advance.
*
Surprise your boss.  Get to work on time.
*
You're being followed.  Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
*
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
*
Future looks spotty.  You will spill soup in late evening.
*
Don't feed the bats tonight.
*
Stay away from flying saucers today.
*
You've been leading a dog's life.  Stay off the furniture.
*
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
*
Help a swallow land at Capistrano.
*
Succumb to natural tendencies.  Be hateful and boring.
*
Half Moon tonight.  (At least its better than no Moon at all.)
*
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
*
Message will arrive in the mail.  Destroy, before the FBI sees it.
*
Do what comes naturally now.  Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
*
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
*
Be free and open and breezy!  Enjoy!  Things won't get any better so
get used to it.
*
Truth will be out this morning.  (Which may really mess things up.)
*
Travel important today;  Internal Revenue men arrive tomorrow.
*
Good day for a change of scene.  Repaper the bedroom wall.
*
You can create your own opportunities this week.  Blackmail a senior
executive.
*
Fine day to throw a party.  Throw him as far as you can.
*
Good news.  Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
*
Think of your family tonight.  Try to crawl home after the
computer crashes.
*
Show respect for age.  Drink good Scotch for a change.
*
Give thought to your reputation.  Consider changing name and moving to
a new town.
*
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens
tomorrow!
*
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
*
You worry too much about your job.  Stop it.  You are not paid enough
to worry.
*
Don't tell any big lies today.  Small ones can be just as effective.
*
Others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your
nails.
*
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
*
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
*
Cynic: A blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not as
they ought to be.  Hence the custom among the Scythians of plucking out
a cynic's eyes to improve his vision.
*
Happiness: An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery
of another.
*
Our country has plenty of good five-cent cigars, but the trouble is
they charge fifteen cents for them.
*
Question:
Man Invented Alcohol,
God Invented Grass.
Who do you trust?
*
The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up
in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school.
*
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
*
Enzymes are things invented by biologists that explain things which
otherwise require harder thinking.
                -- Jerome Lettvin
*
Ten years of rejection slips is nature's way of telling you to stop
writing.
                -- R. Geis
*
Paranoids are people, too; they have their own problems.  It's easy to
criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid too.
                -- D. J. Hicks
*
What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn?
                -- Peter S. Beagle
*
If at first you don't succeed, give up, no use being a damn fool.
*
According to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are
totally worthless.
*
Wasting time is an important part of living.
*
Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the production of great leaders
has been discontinued.
*
I'm prepared for all emergencies but totally unprepared for everyday
life.
*
Excellent day for drinking heavily.  Spike office water cooler.
*
Excellent time to become a missing person.
*
A day for firm decisions!!!!!  Or is it?
*
Fine day to work off excess energy.  Steal something heavy.
*
Spend extra time on hobby.  Get plenty of rolling papers.
*
Things will be bright in P.M.  A cop will shine a light in your face.
*
Good day to avoid cops.  Crawl to school.
*
Screw up your courage!  You've screwed up everything else.
*
Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.
*
Do something unusual today.  Pay a bill.
*
You will be a winner today.  Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
*
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live
in eucalyptus trees.
*
Surprise due today.  Also the rent.
*
Avoid reality at all costs.
*
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
*
Next Friday will not be your lucky day.  As a matter of fact, you don't
have a lucky day this year.
*
You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading
this sort of trash.
*
What the hell, go ahead and put all your eggs in one basket.
*
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
*
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year.  Take an elephant to lunch.
*
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
*
A chubby man with a white beard and a red suit will approach you soon.
Avoid him.  He's a Commie.
*
I really hate this damned machine
I wish that they would sell it.
It never does quite what I want
But only what I tell it.
*
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
*
Remember, even if you win the rat race -- you're still a rat.
*
Nihilism should commence with oneself.
*
Vote anarchist
*
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
*
Nudists are people who wear one-button suits.
*
Tomorrow will be canceled due to lack of interest.
*
Old soldiers never die.  Young ones do.
*
UFO's are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.
*
In case of atomic attack, the federal ruling against prayer in schools
will be temporarily canceled.
*
Drive defensively.  Buy a tank.
*
Alexander Graham Bell is alive and well in New York, and still waiting
for a dial tone.
*
The meek shall inherit the earth -- they are too weak to refuse.
*
Condense soup, not books!
*
The world is coming to an end!  Repent and return those library books!
*
Philadelphia is not dull -- it just seems so because it is next to
exciting Delaware, New Jersy. (Home of Barry Fletcher!)
*
Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.
*
Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.
*
Mickey Mouse wears a Spiro Agnew watch.
*
Minnie Mouse is a slow maze learner.
*
Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.
*
Keep America beautiful.  Swallow your beer cans.
*
What this country needs is a good five cent ANYTHING!
*
Hire the morally handicapped.
*
I can resist anything but temptation.
*
Modern man is the missing link between apes and human beings.
*
Don't knock President Fillmore.  He kept us out of Vietnam.
*
Earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail your friends.
*
Keep grandma off the streets -- legalize bingo.
*
Reporter (to Mahatma Gandhi): Mr Gandhi, what do you think of
        Western Civilization?
Gandhi: I think it would be a good idea.
*
Xerox never comes up with anything original.
*
Acid -- better living through chemistry.
*

    "All flesh is grass"
          -- Isaiah

            Smoke a friend today.
*
"You'll never be the man your mother was!"
*
George Orwell was an optimist.
*
Chicken Little was right.
*
"Qvid me anxivs svm?"
*
Gravity is a myth, the Earth sucks.
*
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
*
Cleveland still lives.  God _m_u_s_t be dead.
*
Don't cook tonight -- starve a rat today!
*
They're only trying to make me LOOK paranoid!
*
Hail to the sun god
He sure is a fun god
Ra!  Ra!  Ra!
*
Brain fried -- Core dumped
*
Remember, UNIX spelled backwards is XINU.
*
Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at
once.
*
If God had wanted you to go around nude, He would have given you bigger
hands.
*
What this country needs is a good five-cent nickel.
*
Losing your drivers' license is just God's way of saying "BOOGA, BOOGA!"
*
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
*
A diva who specializes in risqu'e arias is an off-coloratura soprano...
*
Q: How many IBM cpu's does it take to do a logical right shift?
A: 33.  1 to hold the bits and 32 to push the register.
*
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
                -- Salvor Hardin
*
"Who cares if it doesn't do anything?  It was made with our new
Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process..."
*
"There are three possibilities: Pioneer's solar panel has turned away
>from the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; or someone
loaded Star Trek 3.2 into our video processor."
*
If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?
*
Ban the bomb.  Save the world for conventional warfare.
*
Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down
*
Down with categorical imperative!
*
Earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail your friends
*
Life is a yo-yo, and mankind ties knots in the string.
*
Things are more like they used to be than they are now.
*
Hummingbirds never remember the words to songs.
*
Lysistrata had a good idea.
*
Reality is an obstacle to hallucination.
*
Paul Revere was a tattle-tale
*
Familiarity breeds attempt
*
Coronation: The ceremony of investing a sovereign with the outward and
visible signs of his divine right to be blown skyhigh with a dynamite
bomb.
*
Coward: One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
*
Idiot: A member of a large and powerful tribe whose influence in human
affairs has always been dominant and controlling.
*
Honorable: Afflicted with an impediment in one's reach.  In legislative
bodies, it is customary to mention all members as honorable; as, "the
honorable gentleman is a scurvy cur."
*
Year: A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
*
God did not create the world in 7 days; he screwed around for 6 days
and then pulled an all-nighter.
*
God is a polythiest
*
God isn't dead, he just couldn't find a parking place.
*
If God is perfect, why did He create discontinuous functions?
*
        "And what will you do when you grow up to be as big as me?"
asked the father of his little son.
        "Diet."
*
Admiration: Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to
ourselves.
*
Death: to stop sinning suddenly.
*
"Might as well be frank, monsieur.  It would take a miracle to get you
out of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles."
*
Slang is language that takes off its coat, spits on its hands, and goes
to work.
*
"That must be wonderful!  I don't understand it at all."
*
The chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up
at the steam fitters' picnic.
*
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not
certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
                -- Albert Einstein
*
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
                -- R. Geis
*
"Contrariwise," continued Tweedledee, "if it was so, it might be, and
if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't.  That's logic!"
                -- Lewis Carroll
*
It is the business of the future to be dangerous.
                -- Hawkwind
*
The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.
*
There was a young poet named Dan,
Whose poetry never would scan.
        When told this was so,
        He said, "Yes, I know.
It's because I try to put every possible syllable into that last line
that I can."
*
A limerick packs laughs anatomical
Into space that is quite economical.
        But the good ones I've seen
        So seldom are clean,
And the clean ones so seldom are comical.
*
"We don't care.  We don't have to.  We're the Phone Company."
*
"Here at the Phone Company, we serve all kinds of people; from
Presidents and Kings to the scum of the earth..."
*
"Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?"
                -- Lily Tomlin
*
God is not dead!  He's alive and autographing bibles at Cody's
*
"If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith."
                -- Albert Einstein
*
If someone had told me I would be Pope one day, I would have studied
harder.
                -- Pope John Paul I
*
There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn
what it is I'll get married again.
                -- Clint Eastwood
*
Flappity, floppity, flip
The mouse on the m"obius strip;
        The strip revolved,
        The mouse dissolved
In a chronodimensional skip.
*
...And malt does more than Milton can
to justify God's ways to man
                -- A. E. Housman
*
WHERE CAN THE MATTER BE

        Oh, dear, where can the matter be
        When it's converted to energy?
        There is a slight loss of parity.
        Johnny's so long at the fair.
*
IBM had a PL/I,
        Its syntax worse than JOSS;
And everywhere this language went,
        It was a total loss.
*
System/3!  System/3!
See how it runs!  See how it runs!
        Its monitor loses so totally!
        It runs all its programs in RPG!
        It's made by our favorite monopoly!
System/3!
*
As I was passing Project MAC,
I met a Quux with seven hacks.
Every hack had seven bugs;
Every bug had seven manifestations;
Every manifestation had seven symptoms.
Symptoms, manifestations, bugs, and hacks,
How many losses at Project MAC?
*
Reclaimer, spare that tree!
Take not a single bit!
It used to point to me,
Now I'm protecting it.
It was the reader's CONS
That made it, paired by dot;
Now, GC, for the nonce,
Thou shalt reclaim it not.
*
99 blocks of crud on the disk,
99 blocks of crud!
You patch a bug, and dump it again:
100 blocks of crud on the disk!

100 blocks of crud on the disk,
100 blocks of crud!
You patch a bug, and dump it again:
101 blocks of crud on the disk!...
*
THE GOLDEN RULE OF ARTS AND SCIENCES
        The one who has the gold makes the rules.
*
If the odds are a million to one against something occurring, chances
are 50-50 it will.
*
A.A.A.A.A.: An organization for drunks who drive
*
Accident: A condition in which presence of mind is good, but absence of
body is better.
                -- Foolish Dictionary
*
Accordion: A bagpipe with pleats.
*
Accuracy: The vice of being right
*
"Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from
coughing."
*
Adolescence: The stage between puberty and adultery.
*
Adult: One old enough to know better.
*
Advertisement: The most truthful part of a newspaper
                -- Thomas Jefferson
*
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad
example.
                -- La Rouchefoucauld
*
Afternoon: That part of the day we spend worrying about how we wasted
the morning.
*
Alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of
them keeps paying for it.
                -- Peggy Joyce
*
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
                -- Charlie McCarthy
*
America may be unique in being a country which has leapt from barbarism
to decadence without touching civilization.
                -- John O'Hara
*
Antonym: The opposite of the word you're trying to think of.
*
Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your
shoes.
                -- Mickey Mouse
*
Ass: The masculine of "lass".
*
Automobile: A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down
pedestrians.
*
A baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice at one end and no
responsibility at the other.
*
A bachelor is a selfish, undeserving guy who has cheated some woman
out of a divorce.
                -- Don Quinn
*
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining
and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
                -- Mark Twain
*
Boy: A noise with dirt on it.
*
Broad-mindedness: The result of flattening high-mindedness out.
*
A budget is just a method of worrying before you spend money, as well
as afterward.
*
California is a fine place to live -- if you happen to be an orange.
                -- Fred Allen
*
A candidate is a person who gets money from the rich and votes from the
poor to protect them from each other.
*
Children are natural mimic who act like their parents despite every
effort to teach them good manners.
*
Christ: A man who was born at least 5,000 years ahead of his time.
*
Cigarette: A fire at one end, a fool at the other, and a bit of
tobacco in between.
*
A city is a large community where people are lonesome together
                -- Herbert Prochnow
*
"The climate of Bombay is such that its inhabitants have to live
elsewhere."
*
Collaboration: A literary partnership based on the false assumption
that the other fellow can spell.
*
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody is looking
                -- H. L. Mencken
*
Conversation: A vocal competition in which the one who is catching his
breath is called the listener.
*
"Calvin Coolidge was the greatest man who ever came out of Plymouth
Corner, Vermont."
                -- Clarence Darrow
*
The cow is nothing but a machine with makes grass fit for us people to
eat.
                -- John McNulty
*
Cynic: One who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced eye.
*
Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the
incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
                -- G. B. Shaw
*
Democracy is a form of government in which it is permitted to wonder
aloud what the country could do under first-class management.
                -- Senator Soaper
*
Die: To stop sinning suddenly.
                -- Elbert Hubbard
*
Diplomacy is the art of saying "nice doggy" until you can find a rock.
*
A diplomat is a man who can convince his wife she'd look stout in a
fur coat.
*
Egotism is the anesthetic given by a kindly nature to relieve the pain
of being a damned fool.
                -- Bellamy Brooks
*
Electrocution: Burning at the stake with all the modern improvements.
*
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you recognize a
mistake when you make it again.
                -- F. P. Jones
*
"It's Fabulous!  We haven't seen anything like it in the last half an
hour!"
                -- Macy's
*
Fairy Tale: A horror story to prepare children for the newspapers.
*
Faith is the quality that enables you to eat blackberry jam on a picnic
without looking to see whether the seeds move.
*
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it
every six months.
                -- Oscar Wilde
*
We wish you a Hare Krishna
We wish you a Hare Krishna
We wish you a Hare Krishna
And a Sun Myung Moon!

                -- Maxwell Smart
*
If God had meant for us to be naked, we would have been born that way.
*
There was a young lady from Hyde
Who ate a green apple and died.
        While her lover lamented
        The apple fermented
And made cider inside her inside.
*
If I traveled to the end of the rainbow
As Dame Fortune did intend,
Murphy would be there to tell me
The pot's at the other end.
                -- Bert Whitney
*
Silverman's Law:
        If Murphy's Law can go wrong, it will.
*
Hindsight is an exact science.
*
Ducharme's Precept:
        Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.
*
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
*
Naeser's Law:
        You can make it foolproof, but you can't make it
        damnfoolproof.
*
The Third Law of Photography:
        If you did manage to get any good shots, they will be ruined
        when someone inadvertently opens the darkroom door and all of
        the dark leaks out.
*
Mollison's Bureaucracy Hypothesis:
        If an idea can survive a bureaucratic review and be implemented
        it wasn't worth doing.
*
Conway's Law:
        In any organization there will always be one person who knows
        what is going on.

        This person must be fired.
*
It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
*
Consultants are mystical people who ask a company for a number and then
give it back to them.
*
There is no time like the present for postponing what you ought to be
doing.
*
Important letters which contain no errors will develop errors in the
mail.  Corresponding errors will show up in the duplicate while the
Boss is reading it.
*
Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving
>from where you left them to where you can't find them.
*
DeVries' Dilemma:
        If you hit two keys on the typewriter, the one you don't want
        hits the paper.
*
When you do not know what you are doing, do it neatly.
*
Finagle's Creed:
        Science is true.  Don't be misled by facts.
*
Velilind's Laws of Experimentation:
        1.  If reproducibility may be a problem, conduct the test only
            once.
        2.  If a straight line fit is required, obtain only two data
            points.
*
Rocky's Lemma of Innovation Prevention
        Unless the results are known in advance, funding agencies will
        reject the proposal.
*
Steinbach's Guideline for Systems Programming
        Never test for an error condition you don't know how to
        handle.
*
When the government bureau's remedies do not match your problem, you
modify the problem, not the remedy.
*
Horngren's Observation:
        Among economists, the real world is often a special case.
*
First Rule of History:
        History doesn't repeat itself -- historians merely repeat each
        other.
*
Hanlon's Razor:
        Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by
        stupidity.
*
Fourth Law of Applied Terror:
        The night before the English History mid-term, your Biology
        instructor will assign 200 pages on planaria.
Corollary:
        Every instructor assumes that you have nothing else to do
        except study for that instructor's course.
*
Fifth Law of Applied Terror:
        If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.
Corollary:
        If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you
        live.
*
Just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he
knows what it is.
*
Only adults have difficulty with childproof caps.
*
Anything labeled "NEW" and/or "IMPROVED" isn't.  The label means the
price went up.  The label "ALL NEW", "COMPLETELY NEW", or "GREAT NEW"
means the price went way up.
*
Re graphics:  A picture is worth 10K words -- but only those to
describe the picture.  Hardly any sets of 10K words can be adequately
described with pictures.
*
There are two ways to write error-free programs.  Only the third one
works.
*
As Will Rogers would have said, "There is no such things as a free
variable."
*
The best book on programming for the layman is "Alice in Wonderland";
but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman.
*
Bringing computers into the home won't change either one, but may
revitalize the corner saloon.
*
Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything is possible but
nothing of interest is easy.
*
A LISP programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of
nothing.
*
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice
versa.
*
In English, every word can be verbed.  Would that it were so in our
programming languages.
*
In a five year period we can get one superb programming language.  Only
we can't control when the five year period will begin.
*
Is it possible that software is not like anything else, that it is
meant to be discarded:  That the whole point is to always see it as a
soap bubble?
*
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe
in God.
*
When someone says "I want a programming language in which I need only
say what I wish done," give him a lollipop.
*
Dealing with failure is easy:  Work hard to improve.  Success is also
easy to handle:  You've solved the wrong problem.  Work hard to
improve.
*
One can't proceed from the informal to the formal by formal means.
*
Think of it!  With VLSI we can pack 100 ENIACs in 1 sq. cm.!
*
Why did the Roman Empire collapse?  What is the Latin for office
automation?
*
If there are epigrams, there must be meta-epigrams.
*
Be different: conform.
*
Save energy: be apathetic.
*
I have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer.
                -- Kehlog Albran
*
"Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly."
*
"It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle if it is
lightly greased."
                -- Kehlog Albran
*
"Arguments with furniture are rarely productive."
                -- Kehlog Albran
*
"Even the best of friends cannot attend each other's funeral."
                -- Kehlog Albran
*
There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
                -- Dr. Who
*
"Just once, I wish we would encounter an alien menace that wasn't
immune to bullets"
                -- The Brigader, from Dr. Who
*
The National Short-Sleeved Shirt Association says:
        Support your right to bare arms!
*
They also surf who only stand on waves.
*
Signs of crime: screaming or cries for help.
                -- from the Brown Security Crime Prevention Pamphlet
*
In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble.
                -- Alan Perlis
*
You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on
the continuing viability of Fortran.
                -- Alan Perlis
*
A Lisp programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of
nothing.
                -- Alan Perlis


Editors Note: THIS IS A HUGE COLLECTION OF QUOTES PART 2


*
The computing field is always in need of new cliches.
                -- Alan Perlis
*
It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to
program.  What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in
organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be
self-critical?
                -- Alan Perlis
*
"Please try to limit the amount of `this room doesn't have any
bazingas' until you are told that those rooms are `punched out.'  Once
punched out, we have a right to complain about atrocities, missing
bazingas, and such."
                -- N. Meyrowitz
*
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
*
Pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt.
[Confound those who have said our remarks before us.]
                -- Aelius Donatus
*
If God had not given us sticky tape, it would have been necessary to
invent it.
*
It is amusing that a virtue is made of the vice of chastity; and it's a
pretty odd sort of chastity at that, which leads men straight into the
sin of Onan, and girls to the waning of their color.
                -- Voltaire
*
The superfluous is very necessary.
                -- Voltaire
*
It is one of the superstitions of the human mind to have imagined that
virginity could be a virtue.
                -- Voltaire
*
I'm very good at integral and differential calculus,
I know the scientific names of beings animalculous;
In short, in matters vegetable, animal, and mineral,
I am the very model of a modern Major-General.
*
Oh don't the days seem lank and long
        When all goes right and none goes wrong,
And isn't your life extremely flat
        With nothing whatever to grumble at!
*
An Englishman never enjoys himself, except for a noble purpose.
                -- A. P. Herbert
*
Old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man.
                -- Trotsky
*
It is not enough to succeed.  Others must fail.
                -- Gore Vidal
*
A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.
*
The rain it raineth on the just
        And also on the unjust fella,
But chiefly on the just, because
        The unjust steals the just's umbrella.
*
The world's as ugly as sin,
And almost as delightful
                -- Frederick Locker-Lampson
*
        "Reflections on Ice-Breaking"
Candy
Is dandy
But liquor
Is quicker.

                -- Ogden Nash
*
Maturity is only a short break in adolescence.
                -- Jules Feiffer
*
Some people in this department wouldn't recognize subtlety if it hit
them on the head.
*
You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
*
For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat,
and wrong.
                -- H. L. Mencken
*
Death is God's way of telling you not to be such a wise guy.
*
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
                -- Wernher von Braun
*
Death is Nature's way of recycling human beings.
*
"Grub first, then ethics."
                -- Bertolt Brecht
*
"I drink to make other people interesting."
                -- George Jean Nathan
*
"Pascal is not a high-level language."
                -- Steven Feiner
*
E Pluribus Unix
*
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
*
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
*
Immortality -- a fate worse than death.
                -- Edgar A. Shoaff
*
The trouble with being punctual is that people think you have nothing
more important to do.
*
You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.
*
All I ask of life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own
importance.
*
If only one could get that wonderful feeling of accomplishment without
having to accomplish anything.
*
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
*
No man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas.
*
The goal of Computer Science is to build something that will last at
least until we've finished building it.
*
It's really quite a simple choice: Life, Death, or Los Angeles.
*
Everything is controlled by a small evil group to which, unfortunately,
no one we know belongs.
*
All I ask is a chance to prove that money can't make me happy.
*
If you can't learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly.
*
Anything is good if it's made of chocolate.
*
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know
nothing about.
*
What makes the universe so hard to comprehend is that there's nothing
to compare it with.
*
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a
warning to others.
*
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and, whatever you hit,
call it the target.
*
If only I could be respected without having to be respectable.
*
Nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it.
                -- Andrew Young
*
The individual choice of garnishment of a burger can be an important
point to the consumer in this day when individualism is an increasingly
important thing to people.
                -- Donald N. Smith, president of Burger King
*
"If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars."
                -- J. Paul Getty
*
Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned.
                -- Milton Friedman
*
The cost of living is going up, and the chance of living is going
down.
*
There are really not many jobs that actually require a penis or a
vagina, and all other occupations should be open to everyone.
                -- Gloria Steinem
*
We are confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
                -- Pogo
*
Nothing recedes like success.
                -- Walter Winchell
*
I do not fear computers.  I fear the lack of them.
                -- Isaac Asimov
*
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
                -- Lily Tomlin
*
Tax reform means "Don't tax you, don't tax me, tax that fellow behind
the tree."
                -- Russell Long
*
Some people are born mediocre, some people achieve mediocrity, and some
people have mediocrity thrust upon them.
                -- Joseph Heller
*
Yesterday I was a dog.  Today I'm a dog.  Tomorrow I'll probably still
be a dog. Sigh!  There's so little hope for advancement.
                -- Snoopy
*
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car
payments.
                -- Earl Wilson
*
The trouble with being poor is that it takes up all your time.
*
If all else fails, immortality can always be assured by spectacular
error.
                -- John Kenneth Galbraith
*
Where humor is concerned there are no standards -- no one can say what
is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will.
                -- John Kenneth Galbraith
*
TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
                -- Frank Lloyd Wright
*
He who attacks the fundamentals of the American broadcasting industry
attacks democracy itself.
                -- William S. Paley, chairman of CBS
*
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
                -- Eric Hoffer
*
You couldn't even prove the White House staff sane beyond a reasonable
doubt.
                -- Ed Meese, on the Hinckley verdict
*
If you think the United States has stood still, who built the largest
shopping center in the world?
                -- Richard Nixon
*
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.
*
                AMAZING BUT TRUE...
If all the salmon caught in Canada in one year were laid end to end
across the Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.
*
                AMAZING BUT TRUE...
There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it
would completely cover the Sahara Desert.
*
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no
account be allowed to do the job.
                -- The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
*
With a rubber duck, one's never alone.
                -- The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
*
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.
*
SOFTWARE -- formal evening attire for female computer analysts.
*
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
*
In the Top 40, half the songs are secret messages to the teen world to
drop out, turn on, and groove with the chemicals and light shows at
discotheques.
                -- Art Linkletter
*
Most people wouldn't know music if it came up and bit them on the ass.
                -- Frank Zappa
*
Justice is incidental to law and order.
                -- J. Edgar Hoover
*
The fortune program is supported, in part, by user contributions and by
a major grant from the National Endowment for the Inanities.
*
Flon's Law:
        There is not now, and never will be, a language in which it is
        the least bit difficult to write bad programs.
*
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
*
"The warning message we sent the Russians was a calculated ambiguity
that would be clearly understood."
                -- Alexander Haig
*
This life is a test.  It is only a test.  Had this been an actual life,
you would have received further instructions as to what to do and where
to go.
*
To YOU I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition.
                -- Woody Allen
*
"Earth is a great funhouse without the fun."
                -- Jeff Berner
*
Cocaine -- the thinking man's Dristan.
*
This is National Non-Dairy Creamer Week.
*
When in doubt, do what the President does -- guess.
*
Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
                -- Voltaire
*
Q: How many DEC repairman does it take to fix a flat ?
A: Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires.
*
Q: How many IBM CPU's does it take to execute a job?
A: Four; three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.
*
SEMINARS:  From 'semi' and 'arse', hence, any half-assed discussion.
*
POLITICIAN:  From the Greek 'poly' ("many") and the French 'tete'
("head" or "face," as in 'tete-a-tete': head to head or face to face).
Hence 'polytetien', a person of two or more faces.
                -- Martin Pitt
*
CALIFORNIA:  From Latin 'calor', meaning "heat" (as in English
'calorie' or Spanish 'caliente'); and 'fornia', for "sexual
intercourse" or "fornication." Hence:  Tierra de California, "the land
of hot sex."
                -- Ed Moran, Covina, California
*
Armadillo: to provide weapons to a Spanish pickle
*
Micro Credo: Never trust a computer bigger than you can lift.
*
"Nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong."
*
Bumper sticker:

"All the parts falling off this car are of the very finest British
manufacture"
*
"Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?"

"That depends a good deal on where you want to get to," said the Cat

                -- Lewis Carrol
*
I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol that some thinkle peep I am.
It's just the drunker I sit here the longer I get.
*
Serocki's Stricture:
        Marriage is always a bachelor's last option.
*
Virtue is its own punishment.
*
Line Printer paper is strongest at the perforations.
*
The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.
*
We may not return the affection of those who like us, but we always
respect their good judgement.
*
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices
that the system works.
*
One nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people.
*
The cost of living hasn't affected its popularity.
*
Anybody who doesn't cut his speed at the sight of a police car is
probably parked.
*
Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today, because if you enjoy
it today you can do it again tomorrow.
*
Anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire.
*
Teach children to be polite and courteous in the home, and, when he
grows up, he will never be able to edge his car onto a freeway.
*
A bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have
enlightened him with ours.
*
Maybe you can't buy happiness, but these days you can certainly charge
it.
*
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
*
There are three ways to get something done: do it yourself, hire
someone, or forbid your kids to do it.
*
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody
appreciates how difficult it was.
*
Politics is like coaching a football team.  you have to be smart enough
to understand the game but not smart enough to lose interest.
*
Nobody wants constructive criticism.  It's all we can do to put up with
constructive praise.
*
History repeats itself.  That's one thing wrong with history.
*
Resisting temptation is easier when you think you'll probably get
another chance later on.
*
Never make anything simple and efficient when a way can be found to
make it complex and wonderful.
*
A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an
exam.
*
Ever notice that even the busiest people are never too busy to tell you
just how busy they are.
*
There's a fine line between courage and foolishness. Too bad its not a
fence.
*
The marvels of today's modern technology include the development of a
soda can, when discarded will last forever...and a $7,000 car which
when properly cared for will rust out in two or three years.
*
One difference between a man and a machine is that a machine is quiet
when well oiled.
*
To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.
*
Youth is when you blame all your troubles on your parents; maturity is
when you learn that everything is the fault of the younger generation.
*
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without
getting nervous.
*
Behold the warranty...the bold print giveth and the fine print taketh
away.
*
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid
back.
*
How come wrong numbers are never busy?
*
One thing the inventors can't seem to get the bugs out of is fresh
paint.
*
Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy, vigorous grass is a
crack in your sidewalk?
*
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good.
*
Cleanliness is next to impossible.
*
Political T.V. commercials prove one thing: some candidates can tell
all their good points and qualifications in just 30 seconds.
*
Ask not for whom the telephone bell tolls...if thou art in the bathtub,
it tolls for thee.
*
One way to stop a run away horse is to bet on him.
*
A real person has two reasons for doing anything...a good reason and
the real reason.
*
Show me a man who is a good loser and i'll show you a man who is
playing golf with his boss.
*
Serving coffee on aircraft causes turbulence.
*
Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up.
*
If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every
word you say, talk in your sleep.
*
X-rated movies are all alike...the only thing they leave to the
imagination is the plot.
*
People usually get what's coming to them...unless it's been mailed.
*
Isn't it strange that the same people that laugh at gypsy fortune
tellers take economists seriously?
*
Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else --
unless it is an enemy.
                -- A. Einstein
*
"Calvin Coolidge looks as if he had been weaned on a pickle."
                -- Alice Roosevelt Longworth
*
"There are two ways of disliking poetry; one way is to dislike it, the
other is to read Pope."
                -- Oscar Wilde
*
"She is descended from a long line that her mother listened to."
                -- Gypsy Rose Lee
*
"The difference between a misfortune and a calamity?  If Gladstone fell
into the Thames, it would be a misfortune.  But if someone dragged him
out again, it would be a calamity."
                -- Benjamin Disraeli
*
"MacDonald has the gift on compressing the largest amount of words into
the smallest amount of thoughts."
                -- Winston Churchill
*
Actor:  "I'm a smash hit.  Why, yesterday during the last act, I had
        everyone glued in their seats!"
Oliver Herford:  "Wonderful!  Wonderful!  Clever of you to think of
        it!"
*
"Sherry [Thomas Sheridan] is dull, naturally dull; but it must have
taken him a great deal of pains to become what we now see him.  Such an
excess of stupidity, sir, is not in Nature."
                -- Samuel Johnson
*
"Why was I born with such contemporaries?"
                -- Oscar Wilde
*
"Wagner's music is better than it sounds."
                -- Mark Twain
*
On a paper submitted by a physicist colleague:

"This isn't right.  This isn't even wrong."

                -- Wolfgang Pauli
*
Leibowitz's Rule:
        When hammering a nail, you will never hit your finger if you
        hold the hammer with both hands.
*
Drew's Law of Highway Biology:
        The first bug to hit a clean windshield lands directly in front
        of your eyes.
*
Langsam's Laws:
        1) Everything depends.
        2) Nothing is always.
        3) Everything is sometimes.
*
Law of Probable Dispersal:
        Whatever it is that hits the fan will not be evenly
        distributed.
*
Meader's Law:
        Whatever happens to you, it will previously have happened to
        everyone you know, only more so.
*
Fourth Law of Revision:
        It is usually impractical to worry beforehand about
        interferences -- if you have none, someone will make one for
        you.
*
Sodd's Second Law:
        Sooner or later, the worst possible set of circumstances is
        bound to occur.
*
Murphy's Law is recursive.  Washing your car to make it rain doesn't
work.
*
Rule of Defactualization:
        Information deteriorates upward through bureaucracies.
*
Spark's Sixth Rule for Managers:
        If a subordinate asks you a pertinent question, look at him as
        if he had lost his senses.  When he looks down, paraphrase the
        question back at him.
*
Anthony's Law of Force:
        Don't force it; get a larger hammer.
*
Ray's Rule of Precision:
        Measure with a micrometer.  Mark with chalk.  Cut with an axe.
*
Rule of Creative Research:
        1) Never draw what you can copy.
        2) Never copy what you can trace.
        3) Never trace what you can cut out and paste down.
*
Barach's Rule:
        An alcoholic is a person who drinks more than his own
        physician.
*
Ink: A villainous compound of tannogallate of iron, gum-arabic, and
water, chiefly used to facilitate the infection of idiocy and promote
intellectual crime.
*
Kleptomaniac: A rich thief.
*
Labor: One of the processes by which A acquires property for B.
*
Trivia pursuit -
    The culmination of man's
    never ending search for a
    lack of purpose.
              - B.C. -
*
Liar: A lawyer with a roving commission.
*
Major Premise: Sixty men can do a piece of work sixty times as quickly
        as one man.

Minor Premise: One man can dig a post hole in sixty seconds;

Conclusion: Sixty men can dig a post hole in one second.
*
Mad: Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence...
*
Misfortune: The kind of fortune that never misses.
*
Miss: A title with which we brand unmarried women to indicate that
they are in the market.
*
Monday: In Christian countries, the day after the baseball game.
*
Mythology: The body of a primitive people's beliefs concerning its
origin, early history, heroes, deities and so forth, as distinguished
>from the true accounts which it invents later.
*
...It has been observed that one's nose is never so happy as when it
is thrust into the affairs of another, from which some physiologists
have drawn the inference that the nose is devoid of the sense of
smell.
                -- Ambrose Bierce
*
November: The eleventh twelfth of a weariness.
*
Once, adv.: Enough.
*
In Dr. Johnson's famous dictionary patriotism is defined as the last
resort of the scoundrel.  With all due respect to an enlightened but
inferior lexicographer I beg to submit that it is the first.
                -- Ambrose Bierce
*
Pig: An animal (Porcus omnivorous) closely allied to the human race by
the splendor and vivacity of its appetite, which, however, is inferior
in scope, for it balks at pig.
*
Positive: Mistaken at the top of one's voice.
*
It has just been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
*
Frisbeetarianism: The belief that when you die, your soul goes up the
on roof and gets stuck.
*
Hofstadter's Law:
        It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take
        Hofstadter's Law into account.
*
"It is bad luck to be superstitious."
                -- Andrew W. Mathis
*
If A = B and B = C, then A = C, except where void or prohibited by law.
                -- Roy Santoro
*
Main's Law:
        For every action there is an equal and opposite government
        program.
*
"When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut."
*
Preudhomme's Law of Window Cleaning:
        It's on the other side.
*
The shortest distance between two points is under construction.
                -- Noelie Altito
*
Any small object that is accidentally dropped will hide under a
larger object.
*
If while you are in school, there is a shortage of qualified personnel
in a particular field, then by the time you graduate with the necessary
qualifications, that field's employment market is glutted.
                -- Marguerite Emmons
*
Pro is to con as progress is to Congress.
*
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the
stupidity of your action.
*
Hurewitz's Memory Principle:
        The chance of forgetting something is directly proportional
        to.....to........uh..............
*
Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots
*
It is said that the lonely eagle flies to the mountain peaks while the
lowly ant crawls the ground, but cannot the soul of the ant soar as
high as the eagle?
*
"If you wants to get elected president, you'se got to think up some
memoraboble homily so's school kids can be pestered into memorizin'
it, even if they don't know what it means."
                -- Walt Kelly
*
Bride: A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
*
A penny saved is ridiculous.
*
The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body.
This means that only left handed people are in their right mind.
*
"You must realize that the computer has it in for you.  The irrefutable
proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do."
*
If a President doesn't do it to his wife, he'll do it to his country.
*
It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark
*
Joe's sister puts spaghetti in her shoes!
*
Bank error in your favor.  Collect $200.
*
Remember that whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be
worse in Cleveland.
*
As the trials of life continue to take their toll, remember that there
is always a future in Computer Maintenance.
*
Go placidly amid the noise and waste, and remember what value there may
be in owning a piece thereof.
*
For a good time, call (415) 642-9483
*
AAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaccccccccckkkkkk!!!!!!!!!
You brute!  Knock before entering a ladies room!
*
A gleekzorp without a tornpee is like a quop without a fertsneet (sort of).
*
To be is to do.
        -- I. Kant
To do is to be.
        -- A. Sartre
Yabba-Dabba-Doo!
        -- F. Flintstone
*
God is Dead
        -- Nietzsche
Nietzsche is Dead
        -- God
Nietzsche is God
        -- Dead
*
Jesus Saves,
Moses Invests,
But only Buddha pays Dividends.
*
Acid absorbs 47 times its weight in excess Reality.
*
Reality is a cop-out for people who can't handle science fiction.
*
Census Taker to Housewife: Did you ever have the measles, and, if so,
how many?
*
Anything free is worth what you pay for it.
*
Ask Not for whom the Bell Tolls, and You will Pay only the
Station-to-Station rate.
*
Necessity is a mother.
*
Help!  I'm trapped in a PDP 11/70!
*
!07/11 PDP a ni deppart m'I  !pleH
*
You can't judge a book by the way it wears its hair.
*
May the Fleas of a Thousand Camels infest one of your Erogenous Zones.
*
May a Misguided Platypus lay its Eggs in your Jockey Shorts
*
May your Tongue stick to the Roof of your Mouth with the Force of a
Thousand Caramels.
*
In the days of old,
When Knights were bold,
        And women were too cautious;
Oh, those gallant days,
When women were women,
        And men were really obnoxious...
*
Sex is not the answer.  Sex is the question.  "Yes" is the answer.
*
If anything can go wrong, it will.
*
$100 invested at 7% interest for 100 years will become $100,000, at
which time it will be worth absolutely nothing.
*
If God had intended Men to Smoke, He would have put Chimneys in their
Heads.
*
If God had intended Man to Smoke, He would have set him on Fire.
*
If God had intended Man to Walk, He would have given him Feet.
*
If God had intended Man to Watch TV, He would have given him Rabbit
Ears.
*
How doth the little crocodile
    Improve his shining tail,
And pour the waters of the Nile
    On every golden scale!

How cheerfully he seems to grin,
    How neatly spreads his claws,
And welcomes little fishes in,
    With gently smiling jaws!
*
You're at the end of the road again.
*
If anything can go wrong, it will.
*
The best equipment for your work is, of course, the most expensive.

However, your neighbor is always wasting money that should be yours by
judging things by their price.
*
In Riemann, Hilbert or in Banach space
Let superscripts and subscripts go their ways.
Our symptotes no longer out of phase,
We shall encounter, counting, face to face.
*
I'll grant the random access to my heart,
Thoul't tell me all the constants of thy love;
And so we two shall all love's lemmas prove
And in our bound partition never part.
*
Cancel me not -- for what then shall remain?
Abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes,
A root or two, a torus and a node:
The inverse of my verse, a null domain.
*
A very intelligent turtle
Found programming UNIX a hurdle
        The system, you see,
        Ran as slow as did he,
And that's not saying much for the turtle.
*
This fortune intentionally not included.
*
flibber-ti-gibbet
One who is inclined to look up words like flibbertigibbert                                         -B.C.-
*
Seduced, shaggy Samson snored.
She scissored short.  Sorely shorn,
Soon shackled slave, Samson sighed,
Silently scheming,
Sightlessly seeking
Some savage, spectacular suicide.

                -- Stanislaw Lem
*
In an organization, each person rises to the level of his own
incompetency
                -- the Peter Principle
*
Pohl's law: Nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not hate
it.
*
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that
you will look forward to the trip.
*
A bird in the hand is worth what it will bring.
                -- Ambrose Bierce
*
I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.
*
When Marriage is Outlawed,
Only Outlaws will have Inlaws.
*
HE: Let's end it all, bequeathin' our brains to science.
SHE: What?!?  Science got enough trouble with their OWN brains.
                -- Walt Kelley
*
Look out!  Behind you!
*
Give me the Luxuries, and the Hell with the Necessities!
*
Desk:  A wastebasket with drawers.
*
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing
*
Dentist: A Prestidigitator who, putting metal in one's mouth, pulls
coins out of one's pockets.
                -- Ambrose Bierce
*
It will be advantageous to cross the great stream...the Dragon is on
the wing in the Sky...the Great Man rouses himself to his Work.
*
If all be true that I do think,
There be Five Reasons why one should Drink;
Good friends, good wine, or being dry,
Or lest we should be by-and-by,
Or any other reason why.
*
If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that
will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.
*
If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure
can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way will promptly
develop.
*
Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
*
Every solution breeds new problems.
*
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so
ingenious.
*
O'Toole's commentary on Murphy's Law:
        "Murphy was an optimist."
*
Boling's postulate:
        If you're feeling good, don't worry.  You'll get over it.
*
Anytime things appear to be going better, you have overlooked
something.
*
If you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody
will.
*
Scott's first Law:
        No matter what goes wrong, it will probably look right.
*
Finagle's first Law:
        If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
*
Finagle's second Law:
        No matter what the anticipated result, there will always be
        someone eager to (a) misinterpret it, (b) fake it, or (c)
        believe it happened according to his own pet theory.
*
Finagle's fourth Law:
        Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it only
        makes it worse.
*
Do not believe in miracles -- rely on them.
*
Science is convinced there's no intelligent
life in our solar system.
                S. F. Chronicle
*
Issawi's Laws of Progress:

        The Course of Progress:
                Most things get steadily worse.

        The Path of Progress:
                A shortcut is the longest distance between two points.
*
Simon's Law:
        Everything put together falls apart sooner or later.
*
Ehrman's Commentary:
        1.  Things will get worse before they get better.
        2.  Who said things would get better?
*
Dimensions will always be expressed in the least usable term.
Velocity, for example, will be expressed in furlongs per fortnight.
*
Non-Reciprocal Laws of Expectations:
        Negative expectations yield negative results.
        Positive expectations yield negative results.
*
Howe's Law:
        Everyone has a scheme that will not work.
*
Sturgeon's Law:
        90% of everything is crud.
*
Glib's Fourth Law of Unreliability:
        Investment in reliability will increase until it exceeds the
        probable cost of errors, or until someone insists on getting
        some useful work done.
*
Brook's Law:
        Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later
*
Bolub's Fourth Law of Computerdom:
        Project teams detest weekly progress reporting because it so
        vividly manifests their lack of progress.
*
Lubarsky's Law of Cybernetic Entomology:
        There's always one more bug.
*
Shaw's Principle:
        Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will
        want to use it.
*
Law of the Perversity of Nature:
        You cannot successfully determine beforehand which side of the
        bread to butter.
*
Law of Selective Gravity:
        An object will fall so as to do the most damage.

Jenning's Corollary:
        The chance of the bread falling with the buttered side down is
        directly proportional to the cost of the carpet.
*
Paul's Law:
        You can't fall off the floor.
*
Johnson's First Law:
        When any mechanical contrivance fails, it will do so at the
        most inconvenient possible time.
*
Watson's Law:
        The reliability of machinery is inversely proportional to the
        number and significance of any persons watching it.
*
Sattinger's Law:
        It works better if you plug it in.
*
Lowery's Law:
        If it jams -- force it.  If it breaks, it needed replacing
        anyway.
*
Fudd's First Law of Opposition:
        Push something hard enough and it will fall over.
*
Cahn's Axiom:
        When all else fails, read the instructions.
*
Jenkinson's Law:
        It won't work.
*
Murphy's Law of Research:
        Enough research will tend to support your theory.
*
Williams and Holland's Law:
        If enough data is collected, anything may be proven by
        statistical methods.
*
Harvard Law:
        Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure,
        temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the
        organism will do as it damn well pleases.
*
Hoare's Law of Large Problems:
        Inside every large problem is a small problem struggling to get
        out.
*
Brooke's Law:
        Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool
        discovers something which either abolishes the system or
        expands it beyond recognition.
*
Meskimen's Law:
        There's never time to do it right, but there's always time to
        do it over.
*
Heller's Law:
        The first myth of management is that it exists.

Johnson's Corollary:
        Nobody really knows what is going on anywhere within the
        organization.
*
Peter's Law of Substitution:
        Look after the molehills, and the mountains will look after
        themselves.
*
Parkinson's Fourth Law:
        The number of people in any working group tends to increase
        regardless of the amount of work to be done.
*
Parkinson's Fifth Law:
        If there is a way to delay in important decision, the good
        bureaucracy, public or private, will find it.
*
Zymurgy's Law of Volunteer Labor:
        People are always available for work in the past tense.
*
Iron Law of Distribution:
        Them that has, gets.
*
H. L. Mencken's Law:
        Those who can -- do.
        Those who can't -- teach.

Martin's Extension:
        Those who cannot teach -- administrate.
*
Jones' Law:
        The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone
        to blame it on.
*
Rule of Feline Frustration:
        When your cat has fallen asleep on your lap and looks utterly
        content and adorable, you will suddenly have to go to the
        bathroom.
*
A transistor protected by a fast-acting fuse will protect the fuse by
blowing first.
*
After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access
cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been
removed.
*
After an instrument has been assembled, extra components will be found
on the bench.
*
This universe never did make sense;  I suspect that it was built on
government contract.
*
In any formula, constants (especially those obtained from handbooks)
are to be treated as variables.
*
Parts that positively cannot be assembled in improper order will be.
*
First Law of Bicycling:
        No matter which way you ride, it's uphill and against the
        wind.
*
Boob's Law:
        You always find something in the last place you look.
*
Osborn's Law:
        Variables won't; constants aren't.
*
Skinner's Constant (or Flannagan's Finagling Factor):
        That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to,
        or subtracted from the answer you get, gives you the answer you
        should have gotten.
*
Miksch's Law:
        If a string has one end, then it has another end.
*
Law of Communications:
        The inevitable result of improved and enlarged communications
        between different levels in a hierarchy is a vastly increased
        area of misunderstanding.
*
Harris's Lament:
        All the good ones are taken.
*
If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
                -- Harry S Truman
*
Putt's Law:
        Technology is dominated by two types of people:
            Those who understand what they do not manage.
            Those who manage what they do not understand.
*
First Law of Procrastination:
        Procrastination shortens the job and places the responsibility
        for its termination on someone else (i.e., the authority who
        imposed the deadline).
*
Fifth Law of Procrastination:
        Procrastination avoids boredom; one never has the feeling that
        there is nothing important to do.
*
Swipple's Rule of Order:
        He who shouts the loudest has the floor.
*
Wiker's Law:
        Government expands to absorb revenue and then some.
*
Gray's Law of Programming:
        'n+1' trivial tasks are expected to be accomplished in the same
        time as 'n' trivial tasks.

Logg's Rebuttal to Gray's Law:
        'n+1' trivial tasks take twice as long as 'n' trivial tasks.
*
Ninety-Ninety Rule of Project Schedules:
        The first ninety percent of the task takes ninety percent of
        the time, and the last ten percent takes the other ninety
        percent.
*
Weinberg's First Law:
        Progress is made on alternate Fridays.
*
Weinberg's Second Law:
        If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs,
        then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy
        civilization.
*
Paul's Law:
        In America, it's not how much an item costs, it's how much you
        save.
*
Malek's Law:
        Any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way.
*
Weinberg's Principle:
        An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while
        sweeping on to the grand fallacy.
*
Barth's Distinction:
        There are two types of people:  those who divide people into
        two types, and those who don't.
*
Weiler's Law:
        Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it
        himself.
*
First Law of Socio-Genetics:
        Celibacy is not hereditary.
*
Beifeld's Principle:
        The probability of a young man meeting a desirable and
        receptive young female increases by pyramidal progression when
        he is already in the company of: (1) a date, (2) his wife, (3)
        a better looking and richer male friend.
*
Hartley's Second Law:
        Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.
*
Pardo's First Postulate:
        Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral, or fattening.

Arnold's Addendum:
        Anything not fitting into these categories causes cancer in
        rats.
*
Parker's Law:
        Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.
*
Captain Penny's Law:
        You can fool all of the people some of the time, and some of
        the people all of the time, but you Can't Fool Mom.
*
Katz' Law:
        Man and nations will act rationally when all other
        possibilities have been exhausted.
*
Mr. Cole's Axiom:
        The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant; the
        population is growing.
*
Steele's Plagiarism of Somebody's Philosophy:
        Everybody should believe in something -- I believe I'll have
        another drink.
*
The Kennedy Constant:
        Don't get mad -- get even.
*
Canada Bill Jone's Motto:
        It's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.

Supplement:
        A .44 magnum beats four aces.
*
Jone's Motto:
        Friends come and go, but enemies accumulate.
*
The Fifth Rule:
        You have taken yourself too seriously.
*
Cole's Law:
        Thinly sliced cabbage.
*
Hartley's First Law:
        You can lead a horse to water, but if you can get him to float
        on his back, you've got something.
*
Jacquin's Postulate on Democratic Government:
        No man's life, liberty, or property are safe while the
        legislature is in session.
*
Churchill's Commentary on Man:
        Man will occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of the
        time he will pick himself up and continue on.
*
Newton's Little-Known Seventh Law:
        A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.
*
Mosher's Law of Software Engineering:
        Don't worry if it doesn't work right.  If everything did, you'd
        be out of a job.
*
ROMEO: Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much.
MERCUTIO: No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church-
        door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve.
*
"He is now rising from affluence to poverty."
                -- Mark Twain
*
A classic is something that everybody wants to have read and nobody
wants to read.
                -- Mark Twain
*
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite
you.  This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
                -- Mark Twain
*
Cauliflower is nothing but Cabbage with a College Education.
                -- Mark Twain
*
But soft you, the fair Ophelia:
Ope not thy ponderous and marble jaws,
But get thee to a nunnery -- go!
                -- Mark "The Bard" Twain
*
"Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral?  It is
because we are not the person involved"
                -- Mark Twain
*
"...an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite often
picturesque liar."
                -- Mark Twain
*
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did.  I said I
didn't know.
                -- Mark Twain
*
"...all the modern inconveniences..."
                -- Mark Twain
*
We have met the enemy, and he is us.
                -- Walt Kelly
*
"Humor is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse."
                -- William Gilbert
*
Mencken and Nathan's Second Law of The Average American:
        All the postmasters in small towns read all the postcards.
*
Mencken and Nathan's Ninth Law of The Average American:
        The quality of a champagne is judged by the amount of noise the
        cork makes when it is popped.
*
Mencken and Nathan's Fifteenth Law of The Average American:
        The worst actress in the company is always the manager's wife.
*
Mencken and Nathan's Sixteenth Law of The Average American:
        Milking a cow is an operation demanding a special talent that
        is possessed only by yokels, and no person born in a large city
        can never hope to acquire it.
*
Hark, the Herald Tribune sings,
Advertising wondrous things.
*
Angels we have heard on High
Tell us to go out and Buy.
*
The Preacher, the Politicain, the Teacher,
        Were each of them once a kiddie.
A child, indeed, is a wonderful creature.
        Do I want one?  God Forbiddie!

                -- Ogden Nash
*
Who made the world I cannot tell;
'Tis made, and here am I in hell.
My hand, though now my knuckles bleed,
I never soiled with such a deed.

                -- A. E. Housman
*
Families, when a child is born
Want it to be intelligent.
I, through intelligence,
Having wrecked my whole life,
Only hope the baby will prove
Ignorant and stupid.
Then he will crown a tranquil life
By becoming a Cabinet Minister

                -- Su Tung-p'o
*
The human animal differs from the lesser primates in his passion for
lists of "Ten Best".
                -- H. Allen Smith
*
Is not marriage an open question, when it is alleged, from the
beginning of the world, that such as are in the institution wish to get
out, and such as are out wish to get in?
                -- Ralph Emerson
*
The hearing ear is always found close to the speaking tongue,
a custom whereof the memory of man runneth not howsomever to
the contrary, nohow.
*
Emersons' Law of Contrariness:
        Our chief want in life is somebody who shall make us do what we
        can.  Having found them, we shall then hate them for it.
*
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
*
There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature: that of
paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.
*
The great masses of the people . . . will more easily fall victims to a
great lie than to a small one.
                                -Adolph Hitler
*
Pay no attention to what the critics say; there has never been set up a
statue in honor of a critic.
                                -Jean Sibelius
*
Every crowd has a silver lining.
                                -Phineas Taylor Barnum
*
A cynic is just a man who found out when he was about ten that there wasn't
any Santa Claus, and he's still upset.
                                -James Gould Cozzens
*
The devil was the first democrat.
                                -Lord Byron
*
I don't call them Democrats and Republicans.  There are only Liberals
and Americans.
                                -James Watt
*
Vegetarianism is harmless enough, although it is apt to fill a man with
wind and self-righteousness.
                                -Sir Robert Hutchison
*
I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats. I speak the truth, and
they never believe me.
                                -Conte Camillo Benso di Cavour
*
Modern diplomats approach every problem with an open mouth.
                                -Arthur J. Goldberg
*
Bad officials are elected by good citizens who do not vote.
                                -George Jean Nathan
*
It is inexcusable for scientists to torture animals; let them make their
experiments on journalists and politicians.
                                -Henrik Ibsen
*
Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
*
It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that
you would lie if you were in his place.
                                -Henry Louis Mencken
*
It is twice as hard to crush a half-truth as a whole lie.
*
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves
up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
                                -Sir Winston Churchill
*
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging
their prejudices.
                                -William James
*
Nothing you can't spell will ever work.
                                -Will Rogers
*
A fool must now and then be right by chance.
*
Hi there!  This is just a note from me, to you, to tell you, the person
reading this note, that I can't think up any more famous quotes, jokes,
nor bizarre stories, so you may as well go home.
*
Arnold's Laws of Documentation:
        1) If it should exist, it doesn't.
        2) If it does exist, it's out of date.
        3) Only documentation for useless programs transcends the
            first two laws.
*
Harrisberger's Fourth Law of the Lab:
        Experience is directly proportional to the amount of
        equipment ruined.
*
Boren's Laws:
        1)  When in charge, ponder.
        2)  When in trouble, delegate.
        3)  When in doubt, mumble.
*
Chisolm's First Corollary to Murphy's Second Law:
        When things just can't possibly get any worse, they will.
*
Rudin's Law:
        If there is a wrong way to do something, most people will
        do it every time.
*
Bucy's Law:
        Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.
*
Hacker's Law:
        The belief that enhanced understanding will necessarily stir
        a nation to action is one of mankind's oldest illusions.
*
Probable-Possible, my black hen,
She lays eggs in the Relative When.
She doesn't lay eggs in the Positive Now
Because she's unable to postulate how.
                -- Frederick Winsor
*
Vail's Second Axiom:
        The amount of work to be done increases in proportion to the
        amount of work already completed.
*
Never count your chickens before they rip your lips off
*
"Sometimes I simply feel that the whole world is a cigarette and I'm
the only ashtray."
*
Santa Claus wears a Red Suit,
        He must be a communist.
And a beard and long hair,
        Must be a pacifist.

        What's in that pipe that he's smoking?

                -- Arlo Guthrie
*
There is no satisfaction in hanging a man who does not object to it
                -- G. B. Shaw
*
Two can Live as Cheaply as One for Half as Long.
                -- Howard Kandel
*
Where there's a will, there's an Inheritance Tax.
*
It is generally agreed that "Hello" is an appropriate greeting because
if you entered a room and said "Goodbye," it could confuse a lot of
people.
                -- Dolph Sharp
*
Hand: A singular instrument worn at the end of a human arm and commonly
thrust into somebody's pocket.
*
You should never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for
freedom and liberty.
                -- Henrick Ibson
*
Wit: The salt with which the American Humorist spoils his cookery...
by leaving it out.
*
Yield to Temptation...it may not pass your way again.
                -- Lazarus Long
*
I like work...
I can sit and watch it for ours.
*
Know thyself.  If you need help, call the C.I.A.
*
"The Lord gave us farmers two strong hands so we could grab as much as
we could with both of them."
                -- Major Major's father
*
Crime does not pay...as well as politics.
                -- A. E. Newman
*
Keep you Eye on the Ball,
Your Shoulder to the Wheel,
Your Nose to the Grindstone,
Your Feet on the Ground,
Your Head on your Shoulders.
Now...try to get something DONE!
*
Magpie: A bird whose thievish disposition suggested to someone that it
might be taught to talk.
*
Democracy is also a form of worship.  It is the worship of Jackals by
Jackasses.
                -- H. L. Mencken
*
Peace: In international affairs, a period of cheating between two
periods of fighting.
*
NAPOLEON: What shall we do with this soldier, Guiseppe?  Everything he
        says is wrong.
GUISEPPE: Make him a general, Excellency, and then everything he says
        will be right.
                -- G. B. Shaw
*
People who have what they want are very fond of telling people who
haven't what they want that they don't want it.
                -- Ogden Nash
*
Avoid Quiet and Placid persons unless you are in Need of Sleep.
*
A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking, and so do I.  I
believe everything positively stinks.
                -- Lew Col
*
Be assured that a walk through the ocean of most Souls would scarcely
get your Feet wet.  Fall not in Love, therefore: it will stick to your
face.
*
Recieving a million dollars tax free will make you feel better than
being flat broke and having a stomach ache.
                -- Dolph Sharp
*
The Schwine-Kitzenger Institute study of 47 men over the age of 100
showed that all had these things in common:
        1)  They all had moderate appetites.
        2)  They all came from middle class homes
        3)  All but two of them were dead.
*
Children aren't happy without something to ignore,
And that's what parents were created for.
                -- Ogden Nash
*
Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy, but it's very funny--
        Did you ever try buying then without money?

                -- Ogden Nash
*
Confucius say too much.
                -- Recent Chinese Proverb
*
Reporter: A writer who guesses his way to the truth and dispels it with
a tempest of words.
                -- Ambrose Bierce
*
Fats Loves Madelyn
*
Anyone who hates Dogs and Kids Can't be All Bad.
                -- W. C. Fields
*
"Hey!  Who took the cork off my lunch??!"
                -- W. C. Fields
*
A dozen, a gross, and a score,
Plus three times the square root of four,
        Divided by seven,
        Plus five time eleven,
Equals nine squared plus zero, no more.
*
Who's on first?
*
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on
society.
                -- Mark Twain
*
We really don't have any enemies.  It's just that some of our best
friends are trying to kill us.
*
If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
                -- Art Hoppe
*
The Killer Ducks are coming!!!
*
"This is a country where people are free to practice their religion,
regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling
keys..."
*
        COMMENT
Oh, life is a glorious cycle of song,
A medley of extemporanea;
And love is thing that can never go wrong;
And I am Marie of Roumania.
                -- Dorothy Parker
*
"He's just a politician trying to save both his faces..."
*
"Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing."
*
Blessed are they who Go Around in Circles, for they Shall be Known
as Wheels.
*
Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.
*
He who Laughs, Lasts.
*
Now and then, an innocent man is sent to the Legislature.
*
Somebody ought to cross ball point pens with coat hangers so that the
pens will multiply instead of disappear.
*
"It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing,
but I couldn't give up because by that time I was too famous."
*
Today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking public official.
*
To iterate is human, to recurse, divine.
*
Too much of a good thing is WONDERFUL.
                -- Mae West
*
Famous last words:
*
You will be Told about it Tomorrow.  Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
*
Absurdity: A statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one's own
opinion.
*
Abstainer: A weak person who yields to the temptation of denying
himself a pleasure.
*
A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention,
and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
                -- Ambrose Bierce
*
Acquaintance: A person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but not
well enough to lend to.
                -- Ambrose Bierce
*
Admiration: Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to
ourselves.
*
Adore: To venerate expectantly.
*
Alliance: In international politics, the union of two thieves who have
their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they cannot
separately plunder a third.
*
Alone: In bad company.
*
Ambidextrous: Able to pick with equal skill a right-hand pocket or a
left.
*
God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.
*
Anoint: To grease a king or other great functionary already
sufficiently slippery.
*
Bacchus: A convenient deity invented by the ancients as an excuse for
getting drunk.
*
Barometer: An ingenious instrument which indicates what kind of weather
we are having.
*
Birth: The first and direst of all disasters.
*
Bore: A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
*
Brain: The apparatus with which we think that we think.
*
In our civilization, and under our republican form of government,
intelligence is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption
>from the cares of office.
*
Cabbage: A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and wise as
a man's head.
*
Cogito cogito ergo cogito sum --
"I think that I think, therefore I think that I am."
                -- Ambrose Bierce
*
Critic: A person who boasts himself hard to please because nobody tries
to please him.
*
Dawn: The time when men of reason go to bed.
*
"The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers"
                            William Shakespeare
*
"Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things
   they make it easier to do don't need to be done."
                            Andy Rooney
*
"I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy."
                            Scott Watson
*


 
 Item Subject: Rita Rudner's "Guy Guide" Rita Rudner's 50 facts about men.
 
   1. Men like to barbecue. Men will cook if danger is involved.
   2. Men who have pierced ears are better prepared for marriage. They've
      experienced pain and bought jewelry.
   3. If you buy your husband or boyfriend a video camera, for the first few
      weeks he has it, lock the door when you go to the bathroom. Most of my
      husband's early films end with a scream and a flush.
   4. Be careful of men who are bald and rich; the arrogance of "rich" usually
      cancels out the nice of "bald."
   5. Marrying a divorced man is ecologically responsible. In a world where
      there are more women than men, it pays to recycle.
   6. Men are very confident people. My husband is so confident that when he
      watches sports on television, he thinks that if he concentrates he can
      help his team. If the team is in trouble, he coaches the players from our
      living room, and if they're really in trouble, I have to get off the phone
      in case they call him.
   7. If it's attention you want, don't get involved with a man during play-off
      season.
   8. Men like phones with lots of buttons. It makes them feel important.
   9. Men love to be the first to read the newspaper in the morning. Not being
      the first is upsetting to their psyches.
  10.  All men look nerdy in black socks and sandals.
  11.  The way a man looks at himself in a mirror will tell you if he can ever
      care about anyone else.
  12.  Don't try to teach men how to do anything in public. They can learn in
      private; in public they have to know.
  13.  Men who are going bald often wear baseball caps.
  14.  All men are afraid of eyelash curlers. I sleep with one under my pillow,
      instead of a gun.
  15.  A good place to meet a man is at the dry cleaner. These men usually have
      jobs and bathe.
  16.  Men love watches with multiple functions. My husband has one that is a
      combination address book, telescope and piano.
  17.  All men hate to hear "We need to talk about our relationship." These
      seven words strike fear in the heart of even General Schwarzkopf.
  18.  Men are sensitive in strange ways. If a man has built a fire and the last
      log does not burn, he will take it personally.
  19.  Men are brave enough to go to war, but they are not brave enough to get a
      bikini wax.
  20.  All men think that they're nice guys. Some of them are not. Contact me
      for a list of names.
  21.  Men don't get cellulite. God might just be a man.
  22.  Men have an easier time buying bathing suits. Women have two types:
      depressing and more depressing. Men have two types: nerdy and not nerdy.
  23.  Men have higher body temperatures than women. If your heating goes out in
      winter, I recommend sleeping next to a man. Men are like portable heaters
      that snore.
  24.  Women take clothing much more seriously than men. I've never seen a man
      walk into a party and say "Oh, my God, I'm so embarrassed; get me out of
      here. There's another man wearing a black tuxedo."
  25.  Most men hate to shop. That's why the men's department is usually on the
      first floor of a department store, two inches from the door.
  26.  If a man prepares dinner for you and the salad contains three or more
      types of lettuce, he is serious.
  27.  If you're dating a man who you think might be "Mr. Right," if he a) got
      older, b) got a new job, or c) visited a psychiatrist, you are in for a
      nasty surprise. The cocoon-to-butterfly theory only works on cocoons and
      butterflies.
  28.  Men own basketball teams. Every year cheerleaders' outfits get tighter
      and briefer, and players' shorts get baggier and longer.
  29.  No man is charming all of the time. Even Cary Grant is on record saying
      he wished he could be Cary Grant.
  30.  When four or more men get together, they talk about sports.
  31.  When four or more women get together, they talk about men.
  32.  Not one man in a beer commercial has a beer belly.
  33.  Men are less sentimental than women. No man has ever seen the movie THE
      WAY WE WERE twice, voluntarily.
  34.  Most women are introspective: "Am I in love? Am I emotionally and
      creatively fulfilled?" Most men are outrospective: "Did my team win? How's
      my car?"
  35.  If a man says, "I'll call you," and he doesn't, he didn't forget...he
      didn't lose your number...he didn't die. He just didn't want to call you.
  36.  Men hate to lose. I once beat my husband at tennis. I asked him, "Are we
      going to have sex again?" He said, "Yes, but not with each other."
  37.  Men who can eat anything they want and not gain weight should do it out
      of sight of women.
  38.  Getting rid of a man without hurting his masculinity is a problem. "Get
      out" and "I never want to see you again" might sound like a challenge. If
      you want to get rid of a man, I suggest saying, "I love you...I want to
      marry you...I want to have your children." Sometimes they leave skid
      marks.
  39.  Men accept compliments much better than women do. Example: "Mitch, you
      look great." Mitch: "Thanks." On the other side: "Ruth, you look great."
      Ruth: "I do? Must be the lighting."
  40.  Impulse buying is not macho. Men rarely call the Home Shopping Network.
  41.  Men who listen to classical music tend not to spit.
  42.  Only men who have worn a ski suit understand how complicated it is for a
      woman to go to the bathroom when she's wearing a jumpsuit.
  43.  Men don't feel the urge to get married as quickly as women do because
      their clothes all button and zip in the front. Women's dresses usually
      button and zip in the back. We need men emotionally and sexually, but we
      also need men to help us get dressed.
  44.  Men are self-confident because they grow up identifying with superheros.
      Women have bad self-images because they grow up identifying with Barbie.
  45.  When a woman tries on clothing from her closet that feels tight, she will
      assume she has gained weight. When a man tries something from his closet
      that feels tight, he will assume the clothing has shrunk.
  46. Male menopause is a lot more fun than female menopause. With female
      menopause you gain weight and get hot flashes. Male menopause - you get to
      date young girls and drive motorcycles.
  47.  Men forget everything; women remember everything.
  48.  That's why men need instant replays in sports. They've already forgotten
      what happened.
  49.  Men would like monogamy better if it sounded less like monotony.
  50.  All men would still really like to own a train set.
     ------------------------------------------------------------------------


Some quotes from Usenet rec.arts.comics.

"Cerebus can destroy ANYTHING.  Cerebus is the POPE."

"What number is this, Chip?"
"7 A!"
"OK, like don't get excited, man.  It's 'cause I'm short, I know."

"I found this seance to pass the most stringent tests
of credulity, with the minor exception of a phonograph,
which was found under Madame Reynaud's dress."

"It wouldn't be sporting to just run over them... Would it?"
"Yes... Yes, it would!"

"You know, once in a while it is my pleasure, and my privilege to welcome
here at the Refreshment Room some of the truly great international
artists of our time.  And tonight we have one such artist.  Ladies and
gentlemen, someone who I've always personally admired, perhaps more
deeply, more strongly, more ... abjectly than any other performer.
A man, well, more than a man, a god!  A great god, whose personality
is so totally and utterly wonderful, that my feeble words of welcome
sound wretchedly and pathetically inadequate.  Someone whose boots I
would gladly lick clean, until holes wore through my tongue!  A man
who is so totally and utterly wonderful, that I would rather be sealed
in a pit of my own filth than dare tread on the same stage with him!
Ladies and Gentlemen, the incomparably superior human being, Harry Fink!"
"He can't come!"

"A penny for your thoughts?"
"A dollar for your death."

"Any trouble, boy?"
"No, old man.  Thought I was having trouble with my adding.
'T's all right now."

"Exactly how obscene an amount of money were we talking about?
Profane?  Or really offensive?"

"No more rhymes now.  I mean it!"
"Anybody want a peanut?"

"It's no longer a blue world, Max.  Where can we go?"
"Argentina?"

"Bally Jerry, pranged his kite right in the how's-your-father - hairy
blighter, dicky-birded, feathered back on his sammy, took a waspy,
flipped over on his Betty Harper's and caught his can in the Bertie."

"Can you give me a lift back?"
"Ah -- can do.  But won't."

"May I take your trident, sir?"

"Decadent rodent, we will bury you."

He has been known by many names;  the Prince of Lies,
the Director, Lucifer, Belial, and once, at a party,
some obnoxious drunk kept calling him "Dude".

"Round up the usual suspects!"

"Use of unnecessary violence in the apprehension
of the Blues Brothers has been approved."

"Well, I noticed the lad with the thermonuclear device was the Chief
Constable for the area."

"Personally, I was shocked to discover our plastic surgeon was
an alcoholic."
"Yes, he raised quite a few eyebrows."

"Please excuse my wife.  She may appear to be rather nasty,
but underneath she has a heart of formica."

"If we increase the size of the penguin until it is the same height
as the man and then compare the relative brain size, we now find that
the penguin's brain is still smaller.  But, and this is the point,
it is larger than it _was_."

"What a pinhead!  Does he not fear us?!"

"What are your general areas of interests?"
"Aerodynamics.  Designer jeans.  Roofing supplies.  That sort of thing."
"What sort of thing?"
"You know, liquidity.  Point-of-sale.  Margin accounts.  Fast lane."

"The late Mr. Lupner was born without a spine."
"No wonder he has the posture of a boiled shrimp!"

"I've got to concentrate.  I've got to concentrate!
..Hello?
..Echo!
..Pinch hitting for Pedro Borbon, Manny Mota!"

"700 hours of community service work?  Who has that kind of free time?"

"`Psychophallystisis.'"
"Eat hot death, Steve."

"Listen.  Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is
no basis for a system of government!  Supreme executive power derives
from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic
ceremony!"
"Be quiet!"
"You can't expect to wield supreme executive power just 'cause
some watery tart threw a sword at you!"
"Shut up!"
"I mean, if I went around saying I was an emperor, just because
some moistened bint lobbed a scimitar at me, they'd put me away!"

"Happiness is being famous for your financial
ability to indulge in every kind of excess."

"C'mon, Hobbes, if you lend me a buck I'll buy you a comic book."

"Nigel, what are you saying?"
"How do we know he's not Mel Torme?"

COWBOY WALLY BEER
"Real beer.  Manly beer.  Ripsnortin' pukearama.  Dammit."

"What do you say we guys go down to the beach and shoot
some clams?"

If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would
have made them cute and furry. 

"Lacquered frog bands are no longer popular with America's influential
trendsetters, Max.  We'd be hosed."

"It's funny, I hate the itching, but I don't mind the swelling."

Arriving home, they learned that Glenn and Edna Catwomb had been
slain by maniacs.

"I don't know what you want here, but I think you should
know that I've killed a LOT of old people in my time,
and I'm not above doing it again."

"And Dinsdale's there in the conversation pit with Doug, and Charles
Paisley, the baby crusher, and a couple of film producers, and a man
they called `Kierkegaard,' who just sat there biting the heads off
whippets."

"Please, don't make me treat you like dogs.  I don't want to
treat you like common dogs."

"It's real handy, havin' an Elder God in the band, eh?"

"I'm afraid I'm going to have to operate.  It's nothing to worry
about, although it is EXTREMELY dangerous."

"Right.  Who's got a boil on his semprini then?"

"Hey Dad, if I saved up my allowance, could I buy a monkey?"
"Of course not!"
"OK, then I won't save up."

"Like all reputable surgeons, I charge by the pound..."

"My cigarette smoke mixed with the smoke of my .38.  If business was
as good as my aim, I'd be on Easy Street.  Instead, I've got an office
on 49th Street and a nasty relationship with a string of collection
agents.
"Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet.  I've got eight slugs in me.  One's
lead, and the rest are bourbon.  The drink packs a wallop, and I pack
a revolver.  I'm a private eye.
"Suddenly my door swung open, and in walked trouble.  Brunette, as usual."

"You'd better ask yourself `Do I feel lucky?'
Well, do you, punk?"

"To me it is like a mountain.. a vast BOWL of PUS!"

"Sometimes you just gotta say `what the heck'."

"In accordance with our principles of free enterprise and
healthy competition, I'm going to ask you two to fight to
the death for it."

"I'm sorry, but you must have me confused with some OTHER
plate-lipped white girl named `Irene'."

"It's Czechoslovakia, man!  It's like going into Wisconsin!"

"It seems like once people grow up, they have no idea what's cool."

Ant Boy calmly prepares to execute his new friend ant-style...
by PINCHING OFF HIS HEAD!

"Hey, stewardess.  Run through that seatbelt demonstration
a few more times.  It's unbelievably tricky!"

Every now and then when your life gets complicated and the weasels
start closing in, the only real cure is to load up on heinous chemicals
and then drive like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas.

"Now it's time to say goodbye.  Please get off my property.  Until
next year!  I suggest you don't dawdle -- the hounds will be released
in 10 minutes."

"...And was head of Gestapo for 10 years.. No!  5 years!..
No!  No!  Nein, was not head of Gestapo at all!  I make joke."

"Van Gogh would've sold more than one painting if he'd put tigers in them."

"MY SENSORS INDICATE TRACE AMOUNTS OF CHOCOLATE IN THE PANTRY.
PLEASE LOAD SOME IN MY SCOOP FOR ANALYSIS."
"No, you'll spoil your appetite."

"MY MISSION MUST NOT FAIL.  PREPARE FOR ANNIHILATION, PITIFUL
EARTH FEMALE."

"I guess test-flying F-20 Tigersharks at Mach 3 all
day has rattled my good manners..."

"You try any preversions in there, and I'll blow your head off."

"LONG LIVE THE GLORIOUS COCKROACH REBELLION AGAINST THE
GREAT SUBURBAN BOURGEOIS OPPRESSOR SWINE-PIG!"
        <Slam!>
"I HATE revolutionary jargon."

"In your plan, `A Better Britain For Us', you claimed that
you would build eighty-eight thousand million billion houses
a year in the greater London area alone.  In fact, you built
only three in the last 15 years. Are you a bit disappointed with
this result?"
"No, no.  I'd like to answer this question, if I may, in two
ways.  Firstly, in my normal voice, and then in a kind of silly,
high-pitched whine."

"Comedy.  Sudden, violent, comedy!"

"Logic is a tweeting bird, chirping in your ear.
Logic is a wreath of pretty flowers that smell _bad_."

"There's nothing an agnostic can't do if he really doesn't know
whether he believes in anything or not."

"I ran out of gas!  I got a flat tire!  I locked my keys in the car!
An old friend came in from out of town!  I lost my tux at the
cleaners!  Someone stole my car!  There was an earthquake!  A terrible
flood!  Locusts!  It wasn't my FAULT!"

"Koko, will there be gnomes and dwarves for Lebee to wrestle with?"
"Yes Mishu, and also trolls and mutants we may spar with!"

"I'm doing everything I can, and stop calling me Shirley."

"The great scallop, this tatty, scrofulous old rapist, is
second in depravity only to the common clam.  This latter
is a right whore, a harlot, a trollop, a cynical bed-hopping
firm-breasted Rabelaisian bit of sea food that makes Fanny
Hill look like a dead pope."

"As your attorney, it is my duty to inform you that it is
not important that you understand what I'm doing or why
you're paying me so much money.  What's important is that
you continue to do so."
"I like overkill."

"When will I learn?  The answers to life's problems aren't at the
bottom of a bottle.  They're on TV!"

The heart, the liver, the spleen, the pancreas.  All these miraculous
organs work in _total_darkness_!

"I have no intention of spending the rest of the evening,
let alone the rest of my life, with a compulsive, anal-retentive
chowderhead."

"So whaddya want?  Wicker?!?"

"Darling, would you like to propose another toast?"
"To a warmed, darkened, slightly crispy slice of bread."

"Padlock?"
"The IRS.  Picky picky picky."

"He'p me!  Somebody, pleez, he'p me!  I been hypmotize'!"

A hundred bottles of beer on the wall, a hundred bottles
of beer.  If one of those bottles should happen to
fall, it would shake the very foundations of the Universe.
-from Mauve'Bib's "The Seven Pillows of Wisdom,"
edited by the Princess Serutan

"The evidence before the court is
incontrovertible; there's
no need for the jury to
retire."

"I want a full scale Red Alert throughout the world.  Surround EVERYONE
with EVERYTHING we got!  Mobilize every fighting unit and every weapon
we can lay our hands on.  I want...  I want three full scale global
nuclear alerts, with every Army, Navy, and Air Force unit on ETERNAL standby!"

"He's not Santa Claus...He doesn't LOOK like Santa Claus!"
"Don't judge a book by its hide, kid.  I let folks believe
that `fat, jolly' nonsense 'cause it makes 'em FEEL good.

So, are you tots gonna bust me out of here, or stand there
gaping like trout?"

Venn ist das nurnstuck git und Slotermeyer?
Ja!  Beigerhund das oder die Flipperwaldt gersput!

"I am successful because I am the only person in my city
who is not heavily addicted to powerful narcotics."

"Bring the little ones unto me, and I will get
a good price for them."

"The part I think I'd like best is crushing people who get in my way."

"Okay, so there's these two guys, right?  Okay, so this one guy
says to the other... oh, right, they're in a bar.  Okay, so these
two guys, anyway, so...  So he says to the guy, who's black, he
says to him, no, wait, he's Chinese.  He says, `Hey have you seen
my mother-in-law?'  No, wife... It's his wife, right. So he says,
`Hey, have you seen my wife?'  And so the bartender says... no,
the Jew, Chinese, the Chinese guy, he HAW HAW!  HAW... snort.
Sorry, I just remembered something funny."

"How much for the little girl?  Your women -- how much for the women?"

"We're taking you to a clambake."

...sung by the man who turned a personal affliction into a
singing career -- Don "No Soul" Wilson!

"If you could have any amount of money... How much would you want?"
"All of it."

"But Calvin is no kind and loving god!  He's one of
the _old_ gods!  He demands sacrifice!"

"Pork rinds! *Gasp* *Choke* Vienna sausages! *Uk...uk...uk*
Orange marshmallow peanuts (The Horror, The Horror)!"

"Nice tie... BONEHEAD!"

"But, will I get the chicks?  I mean, in truckloads?"

"And now, Little Bobby Pootwaddle will read last month's contest
winner."
"Last month's question --
    `In 1000 words or less, describe how
    Amy Sue Sturdfetzer looked much older than 12.'"

"If you were happy every day of your life, you wouldn't
be a human being.  You'd be a game-show host."

"I haven't time to go chasing after him!  There's violence to be done!"

"What about these commandments then?"
"You again?  All right...  There shall be TWO commandments,
and this shall be the first of them:
    "Keep the noise down."
"Just that?  `Keep the noise down'?"
"You got it."
"Hmmm.  And the second of Your commandments, Lord?"
"Do what thou wilst," (sayeth the Lord), "just
go away and don't bother Me now.  For behold,
some of Us are trying to get some sleep around here."

"Sorry, Nick.  I lied, man."

You think you got it rough?
What about your darling doggy?
Ten short years
and he's getting old and groggy.

"I'm afraid I'm not personally qualified to confuse cats."

"It's not me I'm worried about... It's your mother...
Pining away her twilight years..."
"It's a terrible thing when a mother spends her old age
in a pine tree."

"True, money _can't_ buy happiness, but it isn't
happiness I want.  It's money."

We Americans live in a nation where the medical-care system is
second to none in the world, unless you count maybe 25 or 30 little
scuzzball countries like Scotland that we could vaporize in seconds
if we felt like it.

"I hate snakes!  I hate 'em!!"
"C'mon!  Show a little backbone, will ya?"

"Oh oh!  No more buttered scones for me, Mater,
I'm off to play the grand piano!"

"I wish _I_ was a tiger."
"A common lament."

"Why is it that the truly brilliant are doomed to a life of obscurity,
surrounded by a sea of mediocrity, only to end up covered in sores in
a pool of their own filth?  Oh well, the beat goes on."

"_My_ side of the woods abounds in natural scenic splendor.  _Your_
side wallows in decay and filth.  My territory is infinitely superior
to yours."

"I'm not saying we won't get our hair mussed a bit.."

"Mushy mushy mushy."

"I think all right-thinking people in this country are sick and tired of
being told that ordinary, decent people are fed up in this country with being
sick and tired.  I'm certainly not!  But I'm sick and tired of being told
that I am!"

"Nazis!  I hate those guys."

"All Lord Julius demands is total and complete obedience
and more money every time we pay him.  He's being quite
reasonable, really..."

"Elvis has LEFT the building!"

"`Lousy stinking radicals,' he opines, `figure the law is
there for you to hide behind...  Well, the law _isn't_ there
for you to hide behind, it's there for _us_ to hide behind...
the good and law-abiding people of this great city-state.'  His
fists are like twin sledgehammers dealing out pure and righteous
justice... `You're either with us or against us, vermin... That's
what freedom's all about.'  His roach-sense floods the room...
ping!  ping!  ping!  And detects the presence of a heavily unarmed
malcontent...`Taste boot, scum...'"

"It's hard to get a refund when the salesman is sniffing
your crotch and baying at the moon..."

"If you don't vote for me I'll kill you all."

"I will point out that a lady of refinement would not wish to be found
so high in a tree."
"Then I am a lady of refinement well and truly," said Madouc, "since I
did not wish to be found."

`As leader, you should never forget those who are loyal
to you.  You should hold parties for them regularly
and have lots of whiskey (free) for them.  That way, they
get drunk and reveal themselves as the disloyal vermin they
all are in reality.'
       -- "On Governing"

"Thank God.  The police."

"Do you think there's a God?"
"Well, SOMEbody's out to get me!"

"Vaya con dios, scumbucket."

"Whether to kill yourself or not is one of the
most important decisions a teenager can make."

"There's another weird lizard farm coming up fast at eleven o'clock."

"I feel the warmth of its presence, Sam."

"Kirk may be a swaggering, overbearing, tin-plated dictator with
delusions of godhood, but he's not soft."

"Captain Kirk.  It's a pleasure to welcome you to Noldicia.
More fun than humans should be allowed to have."

"They're not booing.  They're just chanting `Dave! Dave!'"

"Mind your manners, son!  I've got a tall pointy hat!"

"You got an alarm clock in there, sir?"
"No!  No, heavens, no, no..  Just vests."
"Sounded a bit like an alarm clock going off."
"Oh, it can't have been.  It must have been a vest..
uh.. go-.. going off."

"`BILLSBY SLASHES FOUR, DIES IN COCAINE BRAWL'"
"That's the front page, Mrs. Billsby."

"Why is that ridiculous toy on your head?"
"Because if I wear it anywhere else, it chafes."

"Why are you RUNNING?  Cerebus just wants to KILL you a little..."

"You have an annoying fascination for timepieces, Mr. Sulu."

"That's so deep, I'm getting the bends.... If you want me, I'll
be in the decompression chamber."

Pipo was born with few complications, but then the doctor accidently
dropped the infant on her head provoking her drunken father to drag
the physician outside where he would beat him to death with a live
ocelot.

"The living dead don't NEED to solve word problems."

"I feel lightheaded, Sam.  I think my brain
is out of air.  But it's kind of a neat feeling."

"Kilimanjaro is a pretty tricky climb, you know.  Most of it's
up, until you reach the very very top, and then it tends to slope
away rather sharply."

"The good thing about drawing a tiger is that it automatically
makes your picture fine art."

"That gum you like is going to come back in style."

"My nipples explode with delight!"

"Ho!  Ha-ha!  Guard!  Turn!  Parry!  Dodge!  Spin!  Ha!  Thrust!"

"It's psychosomatic.  You need a lobotomy.  I'll get a saw."

"How often does the train go by?"
"So often you don't even notice it."

"I tell you, Molly, I like the work so much, I'd do it even if
I didn't have to -- by court order, under threat of fine, imprisonment,
or both."

"That's the fact, Jack!"

"Regrettable that this society has chosen suicide."

"Well, there we're in kind of a gray area..."
"How gray?"
"Charcoal."

"I would advise youse to keep dialin', Oxmix."

"I told them kids to keep their arms inside the ride.
Damnedest thing I ever saw."

"A boy without mischief is like a bowling bowl without a liquid center."

"The band is just fantastic,
That is really what I think,
Oh by the way, which one's Pink?"

Rule #10 of the Miss America Pageant:
    Liposuction is permitted, but not as part of the talent competition.

"Inconceivable!"
"You keep using that word.  I don't think it means what you think it means."

"Max, that bathing suit you're wearing makes my flesh crawl!
And where did you get sunglasses to fit your bizarrely-spaced
eyeballs?"

"Mr. Canal, stop this instant!  I must ask that you
refrain from knife-fighting in the White House!"

...And since the stench of death will always attract flies and vermin,
the arrival of Geraldo was perhaps inevitable.

"How does this sound..?  `Stop, or I'll stand very,
very still for a surprisingly long time!'"

"Guards, beat this man brutally for daring to try to confuse me!"

"Have you thought much about luggage, Mr. Banks?"
"No..."
"It's the central preoccupation of my life."

"This is not a lending library.  Put the magazine back or I'll blow
your heads off."

"I try to make everyone's day a little more surreal."

"Did you see it, Reiger?  It was hideous!"

"I don't sing, I don't dance, and I don't like people who do."

"We're not laughing at you -- we're laughing near you."

"Don't fight it - It's bigger than both of us.  In your case
that verges on the incredible."

   Spock was waiting for them when they got to the conference
room.  "Captain, I've run the data we collected through the
computer."
   "Well, Spock, you must be a very proud young man.  So what's
the deal with these council weasels?"

"Nice girls don't explode."

"How was it, little buddy?"
"It was dark, like a cave, and there were no
toilets -- just black, smoking holes in the walls
and floor!  Giant roaches howled like damned souls
as they skittered along the mouldered grout-work!"

"VROOOM! VROOOM!  Out of the way, lady!  Run!
Run for safety, foolish pedestrians!"

"[The vector] has never been of the slightest use to any creature."
-Lord Kelvin

"A mind is a terrible thing to waste someone with."

"Ladies and Gentlemen, seldom can it have been a greater pleasure
and privilege than it is for me now to announce that the next award
gave me the great pleasure and privilege of asking a man without
whose ceaseless energy and tireless skill the British Film
Industry would be today."

"Have you ever seen a spleen that large?"
"Whoa, no .. not since breakfast."

"If you don't care for your scalp, you'll get rabies!"

"Mind you, not as bad as the night Archie Pettigrew ate some
sheep's testicles for a bet...God, that bloody sheep kicked him..."

"Wheat.  So what?"

"There's nothing more dangerous than a wounded mosquito."

"Hey Dad, you crossed my line of death!"

"We're not just going to let you walk out of here."
"Who's we, sucker?"
"Smith, and Wesson, and me."

"This man is no ordinary man.  This is Mr. F. G. Superman."

"Where does he keep his water dish?"

"More pie, Admiral?"

"Dry hair's for squids."

"Really, now, Powers.  Had I intended for educated men to
read that nonsense, I would have used smaller type..."

"And when do you expect to get married?"
"Oh, right away, sport, right away, you know!  I 'aven't 'ad it
for weeks!"

"Spontaneous combustion!  What a stroke of luck!"

"Dick!  You're FIRED!"

Dark and lonely
on a summer night.
Kill my landlord,
Kill my landlord.
Watchdog barkin'
Do he bite?
Kill my landlord,
Kill my landlord.

"You look like a man with the minimum daily requirement of
intelligence.  Where can I find a book on self-confidence?"

"I'm the head waiter.  This is a vegetarian restaurant only.
We serve no animal flesh of any kind.  We're not only proud
of that, we're ... smug about it."

"...just when I had you wriggling in the crushing grip of reason, too..."

Birds of prey know they're cool.

"You must have had visions of sugarplums dancing in your head, little pal."
"Oh thank God!  I thought it was a twiching, lemon-sized brain tumor."

I saw a werewolf drinking a Pina Colada at Trader Vic's, and his
hair was _perfect_.

"Get a life!"

"Flint Paper is insane.  I really respect that."

"Sweet Loretta Fat, she thought she was a cleaner, but she was a frying pan..."

"Back off, man!  I'm a scientist!"

"If I could walk that way, I wouldn't need the aftershave."

"Oh Mr. Belpit, your legs are so swollen!"

"Take me away, imperialist puppets of the great Pay-TV satanistic
corporate booger-heads!"

"It was a mutual parting of the ways.  We gave him the freedom to
do what he wanted to do."
"What was that?"
"Drink himself to death."

Two, four, six, eight,
Time to transubstantiate!

"Storage compartments?  Storage compartments?"
"No!  That's just what they'll be expecting us to do!"
"Yes, well, that's just the sort of blinkered philistine pig-ignorance
I've come to expect from you non-creative garbage."

"Are you the police?"
"No, ma'am.  We're musicians."

"We're aimed the wrong way to be going home, Gumby."
"Home...?  We're on an express elevator to HECK!"

"Stephanie, do you know what I do when I don't understand an emotion?
I suppress and deny it."

"Sir, I think I wanted to express the duality of man - a kind of
Jungian thing, sir."

"?Que pasa, Senorita?  !I am el fugitivo!"

"I've heard about these cult jamborees.  It's an international
goon gathering.  Lots of howling and drinking... Orgiastic
worship of heathen idols... Great looking chicks in diaphanous robes..."

"How do you do your squid?"
"Fine.  How do _you_ do, sir?"

"How many men you got 'ere, Colonel?"
"Oh, 7,000 infantry, 600 artillery, and 2 divisions of paratroops."
"Paratroops, Dino!"  "It'd be a shame of someone was to set fire to dem."
"Set fire to them?!"
"Fire's 'appen, Colonel."  "Fings's burn..."

"Bicycle Repair Man, how can I ever repay you?"
"Well, you don't need to, gov, it's all right.
It's all in a day's work for ... Bicycle Repair Man. <Sniff!>"

"Where the hell's he get the atomic bomb?"

"Take my Worf, please."

"I don't patronize bunny rabbits!"

"Now hear this!  The father/son sack race will begin in 5 minutes
on the north lawn.  Participation is MANDATORY, repeat MANDATORY!"

"Look!  It's trying to think!"

"How does he do it, Smithers?"
"He's a love machine, sir."

"Kato, what is going on in that little yellow brain of yours?"

"We would like to apologize for the way in which politicians are
represented in this programme.  It was never our intention to imply
that politicians are weak-kneed, political time-servers who are more
concerned with their personal vendettas and private power struggles
than the problems of government, nor to suggest at any point that
they sacrifice their credibility by denying free debate on vital
matters in the mistaken impression that party unity comes before
the well-being of the people they supposedly represent, nor to imply
at any stage that they are squabbling little toadies without an ounce
of concern for the vital social problems of today.  Nor indeed do we
intend that viewers should consider tham as crabby ulcerous little
self-seeking vermin with furry legs and an excessive addiction to
alcohol and certain explicit sexual practices which some people might
find offensive.  We are sorry if this impression has come across."

"Knock, knock."
"Who's there?"
"Babs' uvula."
"Babs' uvula who?"
"I don't know, Babs, but I do know this.  Your uvula's on the fritz."
"Gee, doc, I must have stupidly glossed right over my uvula!"

"Mistakes were made."

"Then you admit confirming not denying you ever said that?"
"NO!...I mean Yes!  WHAT?"
"I'll put `maybe.'"

"Leaving a trail of slime wherev-"
           >CLICK!<

  "Never mind what I said," the Lord spake.  "Doth thou
listen to every crazy idea that comes thy way?" And
Abraham grew ashamed.  "Er -- not really... no."
  "I jokingly suggest thou sacrifice Isaac and thou
immediately runs out to do it."
  And Abraham fell to his knees, "See, I never know
when you are kidding."
  And the Lord thundered, "No sense of humor.  I can't
believe it."

"Llamas are larger than frogs."

"May I take this opportunity of emphasizing that there is no
cannibalism in the British Navy.  Absolutely none, and when I
say none, I mean there is a certain amount, more than we are
prepared to admit."

"Into the mud, Scum Queen!"

"Want some pretzels?"
"No thanks, we're on duty.  A couple beers would be nice, though."

"They pelted us with rocks and garbage!"

"Shall we go down and give blood?"
"Oh, I don't want a great bat flapping round my neck."

"It's a dessert topping AND a floor wax!"

"Looks like I picked the wrong week to quit sniffing glue!"

"Curse you, Inspector Dim. You are too clever for us naughty people."

Hurl that spheroid down the field..

"There should be a psychology of feet.  For do we not
make decisions with our legs, and walk about on our brains?

What do you mean, `No, not really,'?"
-from "The Notebooks of Mauve'Bib--Outtakes, Bloopers,
and Unconvincing Maxims," Edited by the Princess Serutan.

"I'm a LAGOMORPH, Sam!  Look it up!"

But for the lack of any untoward circumstances for this young
secretary to notice, and the total non-involvement of Mr. Mellish
in anything illegal, the full weight of the law would have
insured that Ralph Aldis Mellish would have ended up like all who
challenge the fundamental laws of our society: in an iron coffin
with spikes on the inside!

"One of us should bust in and confuse them while _I_
head them off around front."

"Get that finger out of your ear!  You don't know where that finger's been!"

"He was a thief, and a terrorist, but on the other hand he had
a tremendous singing voice."

"If you wanted to make Sarok the Preparer cry, well, mission accomplished."

"Remember, this is only an exhibition, this is NOT a competition -- please,
no wagering."

"I'll have you all executed!"
"I think not."

"Mind you, I can't say much for the volume's condition.
I mean, there's a hole in the jacket and the spine appears
to be damaged."

"Zere were zwei peanuts walking down ze strasse.
And one was assaulted.. peanut.  Ha ha ha.."

"It's the Peterson kid dressed as an iguana!"

"Gregor Wass, your presence intimidates me to the point of humiliation.
Would you care to strike me?"

"And stop referring to dinner as `the recent unpleasantness'."

"Baldrick, you wouldn't see a subtle plan if it painted itself purple
and danced naked on top of a harpsichord singing 'Subtle Plans Are
Here Again'."

"You think they spotted us?"
"Gimme a donut."

"Say, isn't that a twenty-story-high Gumby-shaped robot
approaching at about Mach 8?"
"What do you know...?  So it is."

"The world bores you when you're cool."

"I'm 6 foot 5, and I eat punks like you for breakfast!"

"It's classified.  I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you."

"Are there many fires in Norway?"
"Oh Good Lord yes.  The place is a constant blaze!"

"All right, you worthless _vermin_!  No more Mister Nice Pope!"

"They're an insidious bunch, your killer pianos.
Had one get loose on me back in '62.  It slipped
out of the cables while we were lowering it out
of its twelfth story apartment, and crushed six
innocents in an insane bid for freedom."

"He doesn't know when he's beaten, this boy.  He doesn't know when
he's winning either.  He doesn't have any sort of sensory apparatus
known to man."

"Oh no.  Ed Smith, Lizard of Doom, has come from a planet
far beyond our solar system to devour us.  Gaze and tremble,
mortals.  None can escape the wrath of Ed Smith, Lizard of Doom."

"Have you got a 27 B stroke 6?"

"Many people in this country are becoming increasingly worried about
bullfighting.  They say it's not only cruel, vicious, and immoral, but
also blatantly unfair.  The bull is heavy, violent, abusive, and
aggressive, wth four legs and great sharp teeth, whereas the bullfighter
is only a small, greasy Spaniard."

Your digestive system is your body's Fun House, whereby food goes
on a long, dark, scary ride, taking all kinds of unexpected twists
and turns, being attacked by vicious secretions along the way, and
not knowing until the last minute whether it will be turned into a
useful body part or ejected into the Dark Hole by Mister Sphincter.

"Mr. Notlob, there's nothing wrong with you that an expensive
operation can't prolong!"

"You know what I wish?  I wish all the scum of the Earth had one throat
and I had my hands about it."

"I can't think of anything more relaxing than being locked
in a moving car with YOU for about 300 hours, little pal."

"That's really sweet, Sam.  I may weep openly."

"Ooh, neat!  Santa got caught in this beartrap I set!  Wow!  He
gnawed his own foot off to escape!"

"Help!  Help!  I'm being repressed!"

"We interviewers are more than a match for the likes of you, Two-Sheds!"
"Yes, make yourself scarce, Two-Sheds.  This studio isn't big enough for
the three of us!"

"Get your own arts program, you fairy!"

"Oh, great altar of passive entertainment, bestow upon
me thy discordant images at such speed as to render linear
thought impossible!"

"Strange things are afoot at the Circle-K."

"Has anybody seen my legs?"

"I've got a lot of cutting and pasting to do, gentleman, so
please, why don't you return to your porch rockers and resume
whittling?"

"What better place to begin my reign of Communist terror and
oppression than a memorial to that decadent and imperialist
American, Melville Dewey, hated originator of the Dewey Decimal
System!!"

"I've grown to hate them."

"How many of us can honestly say that at one time or another he
hasn't felt sexually attracted to mice?"

"Joey, do you like movies about gladiators?"

School's out!
School's out!
Teacher let the monkeys out!
One was jailed!
One prevailed!
Both asked God: "How have I failed?"
--traditional grad school chant

Senators, TV Crews, and the nation in general are mystified when,
on the third day, Flaming Carrot shows a STAR TREK BLOOPER REEL
on behalf of the defense.

That's not funny, that's sick!

"Well, it's garish, ugly, and derelicts have used it
for a toilet.  The rides are dilapidated to the point
of being lethal, and could easily maim or kill innocent
little children."

"Oh, so you don't like it?"
"Don't like it?  I'm CRAZY for it."

"Don't be stupid.  Be a smarty.
 Come and join the Nazi Party."

"You're just the sort of person I imagined marrying, when I was little...
..except, y'know, not green...
...and without all the patches of fungus."

"Captain, how soon can we land?"
"I can't tell."
"You can tell me; I'm a doctor."

"Did you know the phone company uses the bone marrow
of Third World babies to make microchips?"

"Once the trust goes out of a relationship, it's no fun
lying to them anymore."

"Jane, you ignorant slut."

"Speaking as a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, as
first minister of Louis XIII, and as one of the architects
of the modern world already, would you say that Harold Larch
was a man of good character?"
"Listen, Harry is a very wonderful human being."

"Where do we keep all our chainsaws, mom?"

"Ah, monsieur.  And how are we today?"
"Better."
"Better?"
"Better get a bucket.  I'm gonna throw up."

"We have your favorite animal cookies.  Here's
a gorilla... Here's a collared peccary..."

"I may be synthetic, but I'm not stupid."

"Hey, Max -- Wake up!  You're missing all the fun!"
"What?"

"A seven-foot specter of evil appeared in front
of the car, so I ran over it.  Sounded like a bag
of laundry going under.  Hope I didn't hurt the
tires.  Want a fig newton?"

"I feel like I know her, but sometimes my arms bend back."


"They that would give up essential liberty for a little temporary safety
deserve neither liberty nor safety." - Benjamin Franklin

"Instances of the licentious and outrageous behavior of the military
conservators still multiply upon us, some of which are of such nature, and
have been carried to so great lengths, as must serve fully to evince that a
late vote of this town, calling upon its inhabitants to provide themselves
with arms for their defence, was a measure as it was legal natural right
which the people have reserved to themselves, confirmed by the Bill of
Rights, (the post-Cromwellian English bill of rights) to keep arms for their
own defence; and as Mr. Blackstone observes, it is to be made use of when the
sanctions of society and law are found insufficient to restrain the violence
of oppression." - 'A Journal of the Times' (1768-1769) colonial Boston
newspaper article

"They tell us, Sir, that we are weak -- unable to cope with so formidable an
adversary. But when shall we be stronger? Will it be the next week, or the
next year? Will it be when we are totally disarmed, and when a British guard
shall be stationed in every house?  Shall we gather strength by irresolution
and inaction? Shall we acquire the means of effectual resistance by lying
supinely on our backs, and hugging the delusive phantom of hope, until our
enemies shall have bound us hand and foot? Sir, we are not weak, if we make a
proper use of those means which the God of nature hath placed in our power."
- Patrick Henry (1736-1799) in his famous "The War Inevitable" speech, March,
1775

"Three millions of People, armed in the holy cause of liberty, and in such a
country as that which we possess, are invincible by any force which our enemy
can send against us. Beside, Sir, we shall not fight our battles alone. There
is a just God who presides over the destinies of Nations, and who will raise
up friends to fight our battles for us." - Patrick Henry (1736-1799) in his
famous "The War Inevitable" speech, March, 1775

"The battle, Sir, is not to the strong alone; it is to the vigilant, the
active, the brave.  Besides, Sir, we have no election. If we were base enough
to desire it, it is now too late to retire from the contest. There is no
retreat but in submission and slavery! Our chains are forged! Their clanking
may be heard on the plains of Boston! The war is inevitable; and let it come!
I repeat, Sir, let it come!" - Patrick Henry (1736-1799) in his famous "The
War Inevitable" speech, March, 1775

It is in vain, Sir, to extenuate the matter.  Gentlemen may cry, Peace,
Peace!  -- but there is no peace. The war is actually begun!  The next gale
that sweeps from the North will bring to our ears the clash of resounding
arms! Our brethren are already in the field! Why stand we here idle? What is
it that Gentlemen wish? What would they have? Is life so dear, or peace so
sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery?  Forbid it,
Almighty God! I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me
liberty or give me death!" - Patrick Henry (1736-1799) in his famous "The War
Inevitable" speech, March, 1775

"The supposed quietude of a good man allures the ruffian; while on the other
hand, arms like laws discourage and keep the invader and the plunderer in
awe, and preserve order in the world as well as property.  The balance of
power is the scale of peace. The same balance would be preserved were all the
world destitute of arms, for all would be alike; but since some others them
aside...  Horrid mischief would ensue were one half the world deprived of the
use of them; ... the weak will become the prey to the strong." - Thomas
Paine, I Writings of Thomas Paine at 56 (1775).

"Guard with jealous attention the public liberty.  Suspect every one who
approaches that jewel.  Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright
force.  When you give up that force, you are ruined." - Patrick Henry,
speaking to the Virginia convention for the ratification of the constitution
on the necessity of the right to keep and bear arms.

"Are we at last brought to such humiliating and debasing degradation, that we
cannot be trusted with arms for our defense?  Where is the difference between
having our arms in possession and under our direction, and having them under
the management of Congress? If our defense be the real object of having those
arms, in whose hands can they be trusted with more propriety, or equal safety
to us, as in our own hands?" - Patrick Henry, Philadelphia, 1836.

Sentry:  "Halt, who goes there?"
Voice :  "American."
Sentry:  "Advance and recite the second verse of the Star Spangled Banner."
Voice :  "I don't know it."
Sentry:  "Proceed, American."

There are only three kinds of people: those who make things happen, those who
watch things happen and those who wonder what happened.

It is often easier to apologize for your actions than to ask permission to do
those actions.

Ships are very safe when in port.  Unfortunately a ship's mission has nothing
to do with staying in port!

"War to the hilt between capitalism and communism is inevitable.  Today, of
course, we are not strong enough to attack.  Our time will come in 20 or 30
years.  In order to win, we shall need the element of surprise.  The
bourgeoisie will have to be put to sleep, so we shall begin by launching the
most spectacular peace movement on record.  There will be electrifying
overtures and unheard of concessions.  The capitalist countries, stupid and
decadent, will rejoice to cooperate in their own destruction.  They will leap
at another chance to be friends.  As soon as their guard is down, we shall
smash them with our clenched fist."-Quoted by Dmitri Z.  Manuisky, Lenin
School of Political Warfare (1931).

"Liberals, it has been said, are generous with other peoples' money, except
when it comes to questions of national survival when they prefer to be
generous with other people's freedom and security." William F. Buckley

"He that violates his oath profanes the Divinity of faith itself." - Cicero
(found on LA City Hall)

"Disperse you Rebels - Damn you, throw down your Arms and disperse." -- Maj.
John Pitcairn, Lexington, MA, April 19, 1775

"Those, who have the command of the arms in a country are masters of the
state, and have it in their power to make what revolutions they please.
[Thus,] there is no end to observations on the difference between the
measures likely to be pursued by a minister backed by a standing army, and
those of a court awed by the fear of an armed people." -- Aristotle. Quoted
by John Trenchard and Walter Moyle "An Argument Shewing, That a Standing Army
Is Inconsistent with a Free Government, and Absolutely Destructive to the
Constitution of the English Monarchy" [London, 1697]

The English nobleman came home early to find his wife with her lover.
Angrily he reached for his shotgun and aimed at the interloper.  Just then,
his butler whispered in his ear, "You're a sportsman, sir;  get him on the
rise."

Too often foreign aid is when the poor people of a rich nation send their
money to the rich people of a poor nation.

"Men that are above all Fear, soon grow above all Shame." -- John Trenchard
and Thomas Gordon "Cato's Letters: Or, Essays on Liberty, Civil and
Religious, and Other Important Subjects" [London, 1755]

[The American Colonies are] "all democratic governments, where the power is
in the hands of the people and where there is not the least difficulty or
jealousy about putting arms into the hands of every man in the country.
[European countries should not] be ignorant of the strength and the force of
such a form of government and how strenuously and almost wonderfully people
living under one have sometimes exerted themselves in defence of their rights
and liberties and how fatally it has ended with many a man and many a state
who have entered into quarrels, wars and contests with them." -- George Mason
from "Remarks on Annual Elections for the Fairfax Independent Company" quoted
from The Papers of George Mason, 1725-1792 edited by Robert A. Rutland
[Chapel Hill, 1972

"... The answer is that one would like to be both the one and the other; but
because it is difficult to combine them, it is far better to be feared than
loved if you cannot be both. ...Men worry less about doing an injury to one
who makes himself loved than to one who makes himself feared.  The bond of
love is one which men, wretched creatures that they are, break when it is to
their advantage to do so; but fear is strengthened by a dread of punishment
which is always effective." -- Machivelli - The Prince; Chapter 17

In the arguments over the validity of the Theory of Quantum Mechanics, Dr.
Albert Einstein uttered his now oft-quoted line, "God does not play dice with
the Universe" but rarely quoted is Dr. Neils Bohr's response, "Albert, stop
telling God what to do."

"The strength of the Constitution lies entirely in the determination of each
citizen to defend it. Only if every single citizen feels duty bound to do his
share in this defense are the constitutional rights secure." -- Albert
Einstein

"Never give in, never give in, never, never, never, never -- in nothing,
great or small, large or petty -- never give in except to convictions of
honor and good sense." -- Winston Spencer Churchill Address at Harrow School,
October 29, 1941

"Victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory however long
and hard the road may be; for without victory there is no survival." --
Winston Spencer Churchill

"...the rank and file are usually much more primitive than we imagine.
Propaganda must therefore always be essentially simple and repetitious." --
Joseph Goebbels - Nazi Propaganda Minister

"The most brilliant propagandist technique will yield no success unless one
fundamental principle is borne in mind constantly...it must confine itself to
a few points and repeat them over and over." - Joseph Goebbels - Nazi
Propaganda Minister

God grants liberty only to those who love it, and are always ready to guard
and defend it." -- Daniel Webster

"All that is necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing." --
Edmund Burke

"Democracy, the practice of self-government, is a covenant among free men to
respect the rights and liberties of their fellows" - Franklin D.  Roosevelt

"Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo
the fatigue of supporting it." - Thomas Paine

"Those who have long enjoyed such privileges as we enjoy forget in time that
men have died to win them." - Franklin D. Roosevelt

"You have sat too long here for any good you have been doing.  depart, i say,
and let us have done with you. In the name of God, go!" - Oliver Cromwell in
dissolving Parliament, 1653

"If the laws of the Union were oppressive, they could not carry them into
effect, if the people were possessed of the proper means of defence." -
William Lenoir

"A cardinal rule of bureaucracy is that it is better to extend an error than
to admit a mistake." - Colin Greenwood

"We, the People are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts -
not to overthrow the Constitution, but to overthrow men who pervert the
Constitution." - A. Lincoln

"If cowardly and dishonorable men sometimes shoot unarmed men with army
pistols or guns, the evil must be prevented by the penitentiary and gallows,
and not by a general deprivation of a constitutional privilege." - Ark.
Supreme Court, 1878

"The right of citizens to bear arms is just one guarantee against arbitrary
government, one more safeguard against the tyranny which now appears remote
in America, but which historically has proved to be always possible." -
Senator Hubert Humphrey

"There is only one tactical principal which is not subject to change.  It is
to use the means at hand to inflict the maximum amount of wounds, death, and
destruction in the minimum amount of time." - General George S. Patton

"The object of war is not to die for your country, but to make the other
bastard die for his." --- General George S. Patton

"We always hire Democratic Congressmen who promise to give us from the
government all the things we want. And we always hire Republican Presidents
to make sure we don't have to pay for it." - T.J. Rodgers quoting in REASON

"The difference between death and taxes is death doesn't get worse every time
Congress meets." -- Will Rogers

"They have rights who dare maintain them." -- James Russell Lowell

We, free citizens of the Great Republic, feel an honest pride in her
greatness, her strength, her just and gentle government, her wide liberties,
her honored name, her stainless history, her unbesmirched flag, her hands
clean from oppression of the weak and from malicious conquest, her hospitable
door that stands open to the hunted and the persecuted of all nations; we are
proud of the judicious respect in which she is held by monarchies which hem
her in on every side, and proudest of all of that loft patriotism which we
inherited from our fathers, which we have kept pure, and which won our
liberties in the beginning and has preserved them unto this day. While
patriotism endures the Republic is safe, her greatness is secure, and against
them the powers of the earth can not prevail." -- Mark Twain

Kill one man and you are a murderer.  Kill millions and you are a conqueror.
Kill everyone and you are a God. -- Jean Rostand

"...The right of the people peacefully to assemble for lawful purposes
existed long before the adoption of the Constitution of the United States.
In fact, it is and always has been one of the attributes of a free
government.  It `derives its source,' to use the language of Chief Justice
Marshall, in Gibbons v Ogden, 9 Wheat., 211, `from those laws whose authority
is acknowledged by civilized man throughout the world.'  It is found wherever
civilization exists.  It was not, therefore, a right granted to the people by
the Constitution... The second and tenth counts are equally defective.  The
right there specified is that of `bearing arms for a lawful purpose.'  This
is not a right granted by the constitution.  Neither is it in any manner
dependant upon that instrument for its existance.  The Second Amendment
declares that it shall not infringed; but this, as has been seen, means no
more than it shall not be infringed by Congress.  This is one of the
amendments that has no other effect than to restrict the powers of the
National Government..." UNITED STATES v. CRUIKSHANK; 92 US 542; (1875)

The end move in politics is always to pick up a gun. --- R. Buckminster Fuller

"If there is one basic element in our Constitution, it is civilian control of
the military." --- President Harry S. Truman (1884-1972)

A camel is a horse designed by a committee and an elephant is a mouse
built to military specifications." -- from page 321 of "Cryptanalysis for
Microcomputers" by Caxton C. Foster (University of Massachusetts), Hayden
Book Co. Inc., 1982.

Time flies when you're in a coma.
Crying: strengthens immune system by cleansing impurities
In ENGLISH, Data?! --Captain Beverly Picard
"Soon we'll be sliding down the razor blade of life..." o/` o/`
A book (returned) in time saves time.
I don't see you guys rating the kind of "mate" I'm contemplating...
Better attitudes through chemistry.
Marriage is a trip between Niagra Falls and Reno.
"Nobody listens unless you swear every other word." -- Kirk
Notice: All incoming fire has the right of way.
Quark! Quark! Beware the quantum duck!
I'm floating in a most peculiar way.
Never trust a computer you cannot carry.
Behaviorism is the art of pulling habits out
SDR: Shift Disk Right
The Fifth Rule: You have taken yourself too seriously.
Bearjoran takes over DS9 in Pooh D'Etat!
Women: Can't live with 'em, can't shoot 'em, pass the beer nuts.
Expensive imported beer is good for the sole.
Love of Money: The root of all EVIL...
Remember when 'lots of ram' meant 32k?
Hiya, Doc! What's cookin'? - Data
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes
Tasha Burger: It'll come up again later after it's gone.
113 grams, 10 milliliters ... he's lead, Jim.
Oxymoron: Conservative Scholar
Man Vs. Beer: A beer will only come when you want it to.
Gardeners are prone to sod-den decisions!
"I am Homer of the Borg. You will be assim.... Hmm... Donuts..."
Windoze isn't crippleware - It's "Fuctionally Challenged"
OPERATORS really know how to mount it
Don't blame me, it's San Andrea's fault
Frogs are smart.  They ea           Refer#: NONE
Hollywood Gossip: Phyllis Zinn
A liberal is nothing but a communist on Prozac!
96.37% of all statistics are made up
Why don't sharks bite lawyers?  Professional courtesy.
QaH! jIpumpu' 'ej jIHu'laHbe'!
I can't be humble -- it's just not honest.
i don't beLIEve slick wilLIE!
"Bloody hell!" -- O'Brien
Use IF...ELSE  IF...ELSE  IF...ELSE... to implement multi
Visit beautiful Vergas, Minnesota.
SPELLCASTERS do it with their rods/staves/wands
ARC.angel says "zip.itup"
Look, mom: No disk drive!
Cats have 9 lives.  Do radioactive cats have 18 half-lives?
A pessimist is a well informed optimist.
Assimilation is futile.  You will be resisted.
We're testing as QWK as we can
"What is this...  time?"  Wormhole creators
What is the highest pyramid in the world?  Amway.
SWAT: SWAp Terminals
Experience is what you get after you need it
SYSTEM ERROR: press F13 to continue...
<Ctrl<<Alt<<Del< to read the next message
My favorite color?  Red.  No, BluAAAAAHHH!
James S. Brady, Press Secretary to President Reagan was an Eagle Scout.
You are aging when all your black book names end in M.D.
Klingon vessel uncloaking....or is it Odo?
TROI: I feel pain, GREAT pain! ... RIKER: Glad you liked it!
Thank you, God.  Keep it up!!!
Disks travel in packs.
Cut the Grass!: Moses Lawn
It wasn't broken..until I started playing with it!
I TAUGHT MY DUCK TO SAY ".QWK .QWK"
These were great.  I just tried to search TLX's database and got a major
Confuse the world -- smile all day Monday!
You mean there are BBS's that AREN'T run by drunks?
No brain, no effect!
Don't eat with you mouth full.
Reality is all a point of view.
Fashion:  A form of ugliness so intolerable that it changes every six months.
Let all fetuses live.
Does "Gay 90s" have anything to do with Clinton's Army?
Do witches run spell checkers?
<<<DEADLY NINJA THROWING TAGLINE>>>
"@#$%*!  I've struck oil", Tom said, crudely.
YOU VACUOUS STUFFY-NOSED MALODOROUS PERVERT!!!
Downstairs, in the historic Old Grid Building.
BATF Cafeteria Menu: Blackened Baby Back Ribs.
DRUMMERS do it longer
Pants:  Trousers' country cousins.
duck season, wabbit season, duck season, wabbit season..
"Shut up Spock, we're rescuing you" - McCoy.....
Narrow minded: looks through keyhole with both eyes at the same time.
"A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives."
Want a taste of religion?  Bite a minister!
"Every why hath a wherefore."
You will be invited to dine with many important people.
Focus On the Family; "McCulture" at its very best!
Define normal.
Artists do it by design.
"Dumber than advertised." -- Yakko Warner
Sysoping makes you fat.
A man's best friend is his copy of Messenger V1.0.
FORE!.........................................<BONK!<
Skydivers go down faster.
 
 Q: Have you heard of Salomon Rushdie's new book?
 A: It's called "Buddha, You Fat Fuck"



 Quoted in this months FHM magazine:
 
 So which one are you?
 
 Acrophillia - Arousal by heights.
 Acrotomophilia - Arousal by the thought of having sex with an amputee.
 Anasteemaphilia - Arousal by the fact one's partner is of a different height.
 Arachnephilia - Arousal by sex play involving spiders.
 Autoganistophilia - Arousal by being on stage or performing for a camera.
 Dendrophilia - Arousal by trees.
 Dysmorphophilia - Arousal by deformities in a partner.
 Emetophilia - Arousal  by vomit or vomiting.
 Harmatophilia - Arousal by mistakes.
 Harpaxophilia - Arousal by mistakes.
 Nasophilia - Arousal by sucking, licking , or touching another person's nose.
 Nosophilia - Arousal the knowledge that a partner is terminally ill.
 Ochlophilia - Arousal by a crowd.
 Odontophilia - Arousal by teeth.
 Phallophilia - Arousal by a penis of extraordinary dimensions or endurance.
 Spectrophilia - Arousal by intercourse with ghosts, spirits or angels.
 Taphephilia - Arousal by being buried alive.
 Urophilia - Arousal by acts involving urine.
 



1.If you meet a woman, and you like her, then she...
     -has a boyfriend
     -is a lesbian
      -has many friends she prefers to you
     -doesn't notice you're there

2.If a girl likes you, then you won't know before she has lost her interest
in you and it is impossible to get her back.

3.If you meet a girl who likes you, and you like her, and she doesn't have a
boyfriend, then she will have one within the week, and it isn't you.

4.The only way to win a girl is to take her love for granted (if you keep
questioning it, she'll get tired of you).

5.If you take love for granted, everything will just go to hell.

 6.If you don't have a girlfriend, there's always someone to remind you about
it.

7.If you know a girl, date her, etc. etc. and in the end tell her that you
love her, you won't hear from her again for the rest of your life.

8.About who picks you up:
    -If you're heterosexual, then homosexuals will try to pick you up.
    -If you're homosexual, then heterosexuals will try to pick you up.
    -If you're bi-sexual, then noone will try to pick you up.

9.If you have a friend who knows a girl who is desperately looking for a boy,
he'll splice her with someone else.

10.About finding love:
     -If you hope that you have found love, you'll get very disappointed.
     -If you think that you have found love, you're wrong.
     -If you know that you have found love, you have been misinformed.
     -If you have found love, you won't know about it before it is lost.

11.There's always someone who is happy for his/her entire life, and it isn't
you.

12.If you both love something, she'll hate it next week.

13.About winning/losing:
     -If you don't have anything to lose, you won't win.
     -If you have something to lose, you'll lose it.
     -If you don't have anything to win, you'll win so that you can lose
more.

14.If she's having a good time, it's not because of you.

15.About dating:
     -If she didn't say anything, she'll bring her boyfriend she never told
you about.
     -If she arrives with her girlfriend, it's because she wants some kind of
protection, not to put the two of you together.
     -If she comes alone, it's because she looks at you as a friend, and
there isn't a chance in the world you'll ever be more than a friend.


        YOU KNOW YOU'RE TOO SERIOUS ABOUT COMPUTERS...
 
    If you did an error-free installation of Windows 95.
    When your modem starts smoking.
    If no one can reach you by phone since your computer is always online.
    If you log-off your system because it's time to go to work.
    If you call in sick because you found a great new WWW site.
    If you can type your top 10 favorite Web sites, by heart.
    If you can locate a particular home page without using a search engine.
    If you can write your own html page.
    If you can access more than 20 erotic no-pay sites.
    If you download more than 20Mb of from a binary newsgroup, in one
       session.
    If while reading a magazine, you look for the Zoom icon for a better look
       at a photograph.
    You comment, while watching a sunset, that the image would be
       enhanced with 10% more magenta and a higher resolution.
    If while driving down the street, you are confused by the numbers on
       the houses - they do not appear to be legitimate WWW addresses.
    When someone tells you to remember something, and you look for
       File/Save command.
    When you discover there is no little car icon with a forward arrow on
       the dashboard of your car, to make it go.
    When you think the File/Kill command should apply to your system
       administrator.
    When you find it easier to dial-up the National Weather Service
       Weather/your_town/now.html  than to simply look out the window.
    When you start using phrases like:
        Hungry.must-eat.food.now@home
    If you have a heart attack when you forgot to pay your phone bill and
        receive a "pending disconnection of service" notice.
    When you order most of what you buy... online.
    If your fingers quit moving because you've been online for 36 hours.
    When you find yourself engaged to someone you've never actually
       met; except through e-mail.
    When you log-off from a session in your favorite newsgroup... and
       your log reads:  Online time: 56 hours 24 minutes.
    If your net provider suggests you try a competitor, because you're
       exceeding 300 hours a month, connect time.
    When you add your third modem and dedicated phone line.
    You access Microsoft's Web page every Sunday morning for Brother
       Bill's sermon.
    When that 112Gb hard drive is full.
    If 133 Mhz is simply too slow.
    When your desk collapses under the weight of your computer
       peripherals.
    If you have an "online" light installed on your car to tell you when the
       engine is running.
    When you discover that in order to drive your car somewhere, you do
       not enter an  http://  or  ftp://  address.
    If you can actually talk to the computers in your new car - and
       understand what they say.
    When you modify the programming of your car's computers and
       actually get better mileage.
    When you can access the Net - via your portable and cellular phone.
    If on the way home from work, you use your portable and cellular phone
       in your car, to reprogram a Tomahawk missile, in flight, and redirect
       it to take out the joker in the Cadillac who cut you off.
    If you try to press Alt-F4 to close your car window.
    When you put a CD-ROM in your car's player.
    When someone tells you about a great new program and you're very
       disappointed to find it's on TV.
    If every sentence you utter begins with, "On the Net..."
    If you put your e-mail address in the upper left-hand corner of
       envelopes.
    If you have your e-mail address printed on your stationary.
    When you insist on seeing the movie "The Net" - for the 63rd time.
    If magazines like "InternetWorld" are of greater interest than
       "Playboy" or "Playgirl".
    If you maintain more than 6 e-mail addresses.
    If you use more than 20 passwords.
    If you set up your own Web page.
    If you set up a Web page for each of your kids... and your pets.
    If, instead of a phone number, you ask someone for their e-mail
       address.
    If you don't know anyone who DOESN'T have an e-mail addresses.
    If, to you, 'safe sex' means doing it online.
    If you convince your mom that she HAS to get online because e-mail
       is so much cheaper than long distance phone charges.
    If you can write a list like this.
    If you can relate to a list like this.
 
 (c) JOKEMASTER, 1995


 
 When men get married, they lose much more than women in the same situation.
 Before marriage, most men can dress themselves, more or less, drive a car
 without instructions, eat food without making too much of a mess, and
 generally muddle through life blissfully unaware that everything they are
 doing is wrong. Example:
 Getting ready for a party or family get-together, you (the man) put on clean
 underwear, socks, jeans and a shirt. Checking in the mirror, you note with
 satisfation that all the naughty parts are hidden, and no holes are apparent.
 Smiling smuggly, you exit the bedroom and stand in front of the woman you
 plan to be with all your life. "How do I look, honey?" you ask, knowing
 she'll be overjoyed to see her man decked out in his splendor. Your wife
 barely glances at you and says "You're not wearing THAT, are you?"
 Thinking fast, you reply, "Why, no. Of course not. I just put this on to show
 you what I WOULDN'T wear this evening. What do you think I should wear?" She
 rattles off some discriptive words that sound like English. Words such as
 taupe, flair-front, crew neck, french cuff (which sounds a lot like some
 kinky sex thing, but isn't), single breasted (ditto the last parentheses),
 and cordovans. As she winds down, one thing sticks in your mind, "She said
 the socks and tie should match." Every man knows that if he see another man
 with matching socks and tie, the man is wearing a gift. But you do your best,
 and eventually she allows you to step out in public.
 Next, driving the car.
 

 
 Driving an automobile, as we've all been taught, is a serious endevour.
 That's why I find it hard to believe how many men (and women) take speed
 limits and stoplights as mere suggestions, but enough preaching.
 Men and women drive differently. I know this because my bride didn't have a
 drivers license when we married. Loving husband that I was, I undertook
 teaching her how to operate a motor vehicle. This was one of the biggest
 mistakes of my life (aside from joining the Marine Corps during the Southeast
 Asia War Games, or Viet Nam, in which I'm proud to say, we came in second
 place). After dilligently explaining the rules of the road (she said there
 were too many), demonstrating the various controls on my VW Rabbit, and
 taking her for test drives in empty parking lots, I felt she was ready for
 the right of passage...THE DRIVERS EXAM!!! I waited breathlessly as she and
 the man from the Secretary of State's Office entered my car, and my wife
 drove away. Time passed....a lot of time passed....almost an hour passed, and
 still no little VW appeared on the horizon. Finally a cab pulled up, and out
 stepped my wife and the instructor, who looked very disgruntled (what does
 "gruntled" look like?). He walked up to me, handed me the keys to my car, and
 mumbled something about thanking God for seatbelts.
 My wife was in tears, black lines of mascara ran down her cheeks. I gently
 took her by the shoulders, shook her almost senseless, and with love in my
 voice screamed in her ear, "WHERE THE HELL IS MY CAR?" Between sobs, she
 managed to convey that she had attempted to make a left hand turn from the
 right lane, suprising both the instructor and the car next to mine because
 she had the right turn signal on. By all accounts, the crash was tremendous,
 glass flying in all directions, the sound of crumpling metal, and the mingled
 screams of my wife and the instructor.
 The instructor not only didn't give my wife a license, he suspended mine for
 teaching her.
 


 Cooking is important in a relationship. Who's doing the cooking is almost as
 important. Most men, if a can opener and microwave are handy, can sustain
 themselves between fast food binges, but women are under the impression that
 only a female can really cook (I mentioned this to Wolfgang Puck, and the
 little man laughed and laughed), and banish their husbands from the kitchen
 soon after the honeymoon. This, by the way, is why when men empty the
 dishwasher, they never know where anything belongs. It's not, as some women
 have suggested, a genetic trait, just ignorance borne of bannishment. But
 enough of this, back to the cooking.
 Women are used to the way they cook, men are used to the way their mothers
 cook, and herein begins the problem. Example from my marriage:
 My ex-wife was a religious cook. Every dinner tasted like the Last Supper.
 The first meal she cooked for us after our honeymoon (another disaster best
 left for another day) was placed in front of me by my bride, beaming proudly
 at the mass of meat that could only be identified by dental charts. "I can
 cook pot roast and peach cobbler." she said with pride. Without thinking I
 said, "And which one is this?" That was the first time I had to defend myself
 against a crazed woman armed with a peppermill. The last time, too, now that
 I think about it. There were always one of three results when my wife cooked;
 heartburn or stomach cramps, or both with the added pleasure of liquid
 squirting out of places from which it's not normal. It's hard for me to
 remember my wife's most memorable dish...I had so many of them thrown at me,
 but that's another story, too.
 

 
 Women are empathic, men are pathetic. We haven't got a clue as to empathizing
 with another human being. Male bonding consists of hitting each other on the
 shoulder, swearing a lot, and talking about the latest football game (Go
 Bears!!!) while consuming huge amounts of beer. Female bonding is another
 thing all together. It consists of expressing emotions from despair to bliss,
 talking of inner feelings and personal relationships, and, of course, how
 clueless we men are. Example from my marriage:
 Shorty after our Honeymoon, my bride stepped between me and the television,
 and said "We have to talk." Being new to the married thing, and not knowing
 the ramifications of a "we have to talk" talk, I immediately turned the TV
 off (the Bears were winning big anyway, and I was out of beer), and said
 "Whatever is bothering you is bothering me. Tell me about it." This was, I
 thought, just the kind of careing, loving statement a good husband should
 make under the circumstances. She tured tear-filled eyes toward me and said
 "I feel all empty inside." I said (and here comes the clueless part), "Well,
 why don't you make yourself a sandwich, then? We could order some carry-out."
 When I woke up, my clothes were tossed all over the room, and I was still in
 them. I had a splitting headache, and a vague realization that I had made
 some major mistake. I
 wasn't sure just what it was, but after a few repetitions of, more or less,
 this same scene, it began to dawn on me....at least once each day a woman is
 going to ask her man a question that will determine his sex life for the next
 twenty-four hours. The trick is learning to spot just which question this is.
 It could be something as simple as "Did you like your dinner?" to the always
 confusing, and always fustrating "Do I look fat in this?" There is no right
 answer to this question. Either way, you're screwed...or not screwed to be
 exact. But one question should be banned from the female volcabulary: "Do you
 think she's prettier than me?" She always is, but we have to lie, and lie
 convincingly, to get laid that night.
 

 
 Women hold all the power in any relationship. They know, and we (men) know
 it. They know that we know it, and they know that we know that they know
 it....I could go on, but what's the point? The point is, as some feminist
 once said "Any woman who wants to be equal with a man is setting her sights
 too low." Granted, things have changed since Janis Ian sang "....then married
 and retire.", but not much. While the average wife in today's world does work
 (and granted, she usually makes less money than her male counterpart), there
 is a fair number of women who, when they slipped the ring on their grooms
 finger, it was the last thing they did by hand. Coming home from work one
 day, I found my bride laying on the couch, a wet cloth over her eyes. I
 rushed over, filled with concern and asked "What's the matter, darling?" She
 moved the cloth enough to expose one eye, and whimpered "I did the laundry
 today." Now, I've done my fair share of laundry in my time, and I have never
 found it to be very exhausting. She said, "But I fold the clothes." She can
 bend cotton with her bare hands? Hope I never run into her in a dark alley. "
 And I separate." I've separted, too, on several occasions, most not including
 clothes, but in any event, it was not the most tiring experience of my life.
 Next came vacuuming. I bought a self-propelled, automatic adjusting (what
 ever that means), Tim Allen powered vacuum with a headlight. (What's the
 light for? Does it blind the dust bunnies so they freeze like deer caught in
 the headlights of your car, thus making them easier to catch?) I've used it.
 It takes less energy to sweep the living room with this contraption than it
 does to floss your teeth. Dusting is a big one. "I have to move everything
 out of the way and then put it back.", the "everything"  being the various
 pieces of bric-a-brac we all have scattered around our homes, most times with
 no rhyme or reason. I told her to do what every man in the world does, dust
 around them. It stands to reason that if a small statue has been sitting in
 one spot for the past week, there's no dust under it. But, since this is the
 final installment, let me leave you with these words of wisdom I just made
 up: Every morning when a man wakes up, he should be bigger, weigh more have
 more facial hair, and a deeper voice than the person in bed next to him.
 (A quick note on why I'm terminating this series: Ever since I started
 writing these postings, I have gotten nothing but complimentary mailings from
 all over the world, and I was very, very happy to hear from you all. I tried
 to respond to each in kind, and I believe I did. If I missed anyone, please
 except my deepest regreats. But this morning two things happened; one, I got
 a posting from someone who thinks this whole thing has been a waste of space.
 If anyone else thinks so, again, I'm sorry. Second, a publisher has contacted
 me and wants me to write all of this and more in a book. We're having lunch
 tomorrow, and it sounds pretty good. Again, thank you all for your kind
 words, and I'll still be posting jokes, just not this series.)
 


 Top-N Experiments being performed on the space shuttle Endeavor
 
 (drumroll, please...)
 
   1. If you have a sphere of water in zero-g with a goldfish in it and the
      goldfish dies, which direction does he float?
   2. If you spit fro this high, how long does it take to hit the ground
      and what are the environmental impacts
   3. How many times can Frank put on his spacesuit and say "Danger! Will
      Robinson! Danger!" before his crewmates kill him
   4. Can you play tennis using hamsters in zero-g, and does it hurt them
   5. Can you pick up the nudie channels on the satellite dish unscrambled
   6. How many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll center of a
      tootsie pop
   7. Do you have to be naked to find out what is visible to the naked eye
      from space
   8. Is it militarily feasible to drop water balloons on enemy targets
      from space
   9. If you radio back "Houston, we have a problem. Larry has the farts.",
      how many engineers will they put on the problem, and will they create
      a mockup of the shuttle and have an engineer fart in it
  10. Can this baby do a loop on re-entry
  11. how long can Japanese people live in an equipment locker with no food
      or water.
  12. Does the light stay on when you close the cargo bay doors.
  13. Can I see my house from here?
  16. Does a beer bong work in zero-g?
  18. Hold a cat upside down and drop, you'll get to see a live
      demonstration of that Tazmanian Devil thing from Bugs
  19. Is the "deed" as easy to do in space as it looked in "Moonraker?"
  20. Find out how long you can look through the Hubble telescope for
      10cents
  21. Question: Is there frosted glass on the window of the Space Shuttle
      and if so....why, who's gonna look in ?
  23. Could Clinton and Congressional Republicans agree on a balanced
      budget quicker if we placed them on the Mir space station?
  24. DNA testing on alien life forms to help O.J. find the REAL KILLERS !
  25. What is the least efficent way to waste taxpayer money, anyway?
  27. Condom testing in zero gravity!!
  28. What's the download time for downloading nudie pics from the internet
      on the shuttle's computer from orbit!!
  29. Is being in orbit an appropriate excuse for not filing your income
      taxes by April 15th?
  30. Say, what's the range on that cellular telephone, anyway?
  31. Practicing the, "Picard Manuever."
  32. So, what were Michael Jackson and Lisa-Marie Presley really doing in
      the bedroom?
  33. New world record setting of the most, "Frequent Flyer Miles."
 



 A collection of SPAM Haikus
==========================

Pink tender morsel,
Glistening with salty gel.
What the hell is it?

  --------------

Ears, snouts and inards,
A homogeneous mass.
Pass another slice.

  --------------

Cube of cold pinkness
Yellow specks of porcine fat.
Give me a spork please.

  --------------

Old man seeks doctor.
"I eat SPAM daily", says he.
Angioplasty.

  --------------

Highly unnatural,
The tortured shape of this "food":
A small pink coffin.


I spilled spot remover on my dog.  He's gone now.

I bought some powdered water, but I don't know what to add.

I put instant coffee in a microwave oven and almost went back in time.

It doesn't matter what temperature the room is;
it's always room-temperature.

If you're not part of the solution,
you're part of the precipitate.

It's a small world,
but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.

You can't have everything...where would you put it?

I went to a restaurant that serves "breakfast at any time"
So I ordered French toast during the Renaissance.

I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards.
I got a full house and four people died.

Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time.
I think I've forgotten this before.

I went to a general store.
They wouldn't let me buy anything specifically.

I went down the street to the 24-hour grocery.
When I got there, the guy was locking the front door.
I said, "Hey, the sign says you're open 24 hours"
He said, "Yes, but not in a row"

I love to go shopping.
I love to freak out salespeople.
They ask me if they can help me, and I say,
"Have you got anything I'd like?"
Then they ask me what size I need, and I say,
"Extra medium"

I bought some batteries, but they weren't included.
So I had to buy them again.

While I was gone,
someone stole everything in my apartment
and replaced it with an exact replica.
When I told my roommate, he said, "Do I know you?"

I installed a skylight in my apartment.
The people who live above me are furious!
In my house there's this light switch that doesn't do anything.
Every so often I would flick it on and off just to check.
Yesterday, I got a call from a woman in Germany.
She said, "Cut it out"

On the ceilings in my house,
I have paintings of the rooms above so I never have to go upstairs.

I used to work in a fire hydrant factory.
You couldn't park anywhere near the place.

I have an answering machine in my car.
It says, "I'm home now.
But leave a message and I'll call when I'm out"

I was going 70 miles an hour and got stopped by a cop who said,
"Do you know the speed limit is 55 miles per hour?"
"Yes, officer, but I wasn't going to be out that long"

One time a cop pulled me over for running a stop sign.
He said, "Didn't you see the stop sign?"
I said, "Yeah, but I don't believe everything I read"

I got my driver's license photo taken out of focus on purpose.
Now when I get pulled over, the cop looks at it
[moving it nearer and farther, trying to see it clearly],
and says, "Here, you can go"

The judge asked, "What do you plead?"
I said, "Insanity, your honor.
Who in their right mind would park in the passing lane?"

When I get real bored,
I like to drive downtown and get a great parking spot,
then sit in my car and count how many people ask me if I'm leaving.

Yesterday I parked my car in a tow-away zone.
When I came back the entire area was missing.

I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights.
Now it looks like I'm the only one moving.

For a while I didn't have a car...I had a helicopter...no place to park it, so I
just tied it to a lamp post and left it running.
[slow glance upward]

I was trying to daydream, but my mind kept wandering.

I hate it when my foot falls asleep during the day because that
means it's going to be up all night.
Last night I fell asleep in a satellite dish.
My dreams were broadcast all over the world.

When I woke up this morning my girlfriend asked me,
"Did you sleep well?"
I said, "No, I made a few mistakes"

I got up one morning and couldn't find my socks, so I called
Information.
She said, "Hello, Information"
I said, "I can't find my socks"
She said, "They're behind the couch"

I bought a self learning record to learn Spanish.  I turned it
on and went to sleep; the record got stuck.  The next day I
could only stutter in Spanish.

I was born by Caesarian section...but not so you'd notice.
It's just that when I leave a house, I go out through the
window.

When I was a little kid we had a sand box.
It was a quicksand box.
I was an only child...eventually.

Well, you know when you're rocking in a rocking chair, and you
go so far that you almost fall over backwards, but at the last
instant you catch yourself?  That's how I feel all the time.

I was reading the dictionary.
I thought it was a poem about everything.

What's another word for Thesaurus?

After they make styrofoam, what do they ship it in?

Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time.

I had some eyeglasses.
I was walking down the street when suddenly the prescription ran out.

I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second.

I have the world's largest collection of seashells.
I keep it on all the beaches of the world...perhaps you've seen it.

I have a map of the United States...actual size.
It says, "Scale: 1 mile = 1 mile"
I spent last summer folding it.
I also have a full-size map of the world.
I hardly ever unroll it.
I busted a mirror and got seven years bad luck,
but my lawyer thinks he can get me five.

Smoking cures weight problems...eventually.

I took a course in speed waiting.
Now I can wait an hour in only ten minutes.

My friend Winnie is a procrastinator.
He didn't get his birth mark til he was eight years old.

If you can't hear me, it's because I'm in parentheses.

My friend asked me how long I was going to be gone on this tour.
I said, "The whole time"

I just bought a microwave fireplace.
You can spend an evening in front of it in only eight minutes.

My friend has a baby.
I'm writing down all the noises he makes
so later I can ask him what he meant.

I like to torture my plants by watering them with ice cubes.

Today I dialed a wrong number.
The other side said, "Hello?" and I said,
"Hello, could I speak to Joey?"
They said, "Uh, I don't think so...He's only two months old"
I said, "I'll wait"

Do you think that when they asked George Washington for ID
that he just whipped out a quarter?

A friend of mine is into Voodoo Acupuncture.
You don't have to go.
You'll just be walking down the street,
and...ooooohhhhhh, that's much better.

I got a new shadow.
I had to get rid of the other one.
It wasn't doing what I was doing.
Well, I've received some more Steve Wright jokes, most from
MaccuPicchu <star1357@ix.netcom.com> and a few others from a guy where
I work.  So here are some, and I'll send the rest tomorrow. :-)

I was arrested today for scalping low numbers at the deli...sold #3 for
$28 bucks.

I bought some batteries, but they weren't included...so I had to buy
them again. What do batteries run on? Why is the alphabet in that
order? Is it because of that song...guy who wrote that wrote
everything.

I went to a museum where they had all the heads and arms from all the
statues in all the other museums.

Why is it a penny for your thoughts, but you have to put your two-cents
in.

Every once in a while I like to stick my head out the window, look up
at the sky and smile...for a satellite picture.

I used to be a proofreader for a skywriting company.

Once I worked for a natural organic health food store in Seattle,
Washington...one day a man walked in and said "If I melt dry ice can I
swim without getting wet."  I said, "I don't know...let me ask Tony."

I told her I knew when I was going to die because my birth certificate
had an expiration date on it.

I bought a ticket on Airline Bizarre...a one-way round-trip ticket...
You leave any Monday and they bring you back the previous Friday...
that way you still have the weekend.

I got an answering machine for my phone...now, when I'm not home and
somebody calls me up...they hear a recording of a busy signal.

Sorry...my mind was wandering...one time it went all the way to Venus
and ordered a meal I couldn't pay for.

I walked up to a beautiful woman in a bar and I said "Do you live
around here often?" And she said, "You're wearing two different colored
socks"...and I said, "I know, but to me they're the same, I go by
thickness."

I have the oldest typewriter in the world...it types in pencil.

I was walking my dog around my building on the ledge...a lot of people
are afraid of heights...not me, I'm afraid of widths.

My dog is an East German Shepherd.

My girlfriend has a Queen-size bed...I have a CourtJester size bed...
it's red and green, has bells on it...and the ends curl up.
Do you remember the one in which he says he took his dog for a walk...
all the way from New York to Florida...
then he said to his dog "There now you're done."

Or how about the one in which he says he named his dog "Stay"...
so he could say "Come here, Stay.  Come here, Stay."

I went to a restaurant. It said "Breakfast anytime"...so I ordered
French Toast during the Renaissance.

One time right in the middle of a job interview, I took out a book and
started reading...The guy said "What the hell are you doing? I said
"Let me ask you a question...If you were in a vehicle and you were
travelling at the speed of light, and then you turned your headlights
on...would they do anything?"  He said, "I don't know." I said "Forget
it then, I don't want to work for you."

I've never seen electricity, that's why I don't pay for it.

I'm writing a book. I have the page numbers down...I just have to fill
in the rest.

I have a microwave fireplace. You can lay down in front of the fire for
the entire evening in 8 minutes.

Coming back from Canada...as I crossed over the border...I was asked if
had any firearms...I said, "What do you need?"

My watch is three hours fast and I can't fix it, so I'm going to move
to New York.

I was on a ski lift with another person...no one I knew...and he didn't
say a word until we were half way up the mountain...then he said, "I
haven't been skiing in ten years."
I said "How come?"
He said "I was in jail."
I didn't say anything.
He said, "You wanna know why?"
I said, "Not really."
He said, "I'll tell you anyway...
I was jailed for pushing a complete stranger off a ferris wheel."

I put tape on my mirrors at my house so I won't accidentally walk
through them into another dimension.

I went to the fights, and a hockey game broke out.

I put a new engine in my car, but I forgot to take the old
one out now I can go 300 mp/h.

The power in my apartment went out the other night.  I had to
use the flash on my camera to find my way around.  I took
twenty seven pictures of my kitchen while I was making a sandwich.

"640K ought to be enough for anybody." (Bill Gates, 1981)
"A newspaper is a collection of half-injustices"
"All my hidden skills are undiscovered." - Clinton
"Are your cookies made with real Girl Scouts?"
"But honey, we need a 2 gig drive for word processing!"
"DOS=HIGH" Hmm, I knew it was on something...
"Good morning!" is an opinion, not a greeting.
"Graphic Artist seeks Boss with vision impairment."
"Ground Beef" -- A Cow With No Legs!
"Hex Dump" - Where Witches put used curses?
"I'd like all your $20 bills in this bag", "To go".
"Leave my blouse alone! I said Spellcheck, not Spillcheck"
"MEOW"...SPLAT..."RUFF"...SPLAT...(Raining cats & dogs)
"Please return stewardess to original upright position"
"Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar" - Freud
"Uh honey, a P5 with a 20" monitor is perfect for mail"
"WHO CARES where Carmen Sandiego is?"
(A)bort, (R)etry, (F)ail, (G)rab_Hammer
*IT IS* documented, look under "For Internal Use Only."
......64..65...66...67...68...69... "STOP RIGHT THERE!"
...and I betcha she can say it in 10 different languages!
...I love children!  They taste just like chicken.
...I multi-task, I read in the bathroom.
...So simple a child could do it?  Go find me a child!
1 + 2 = 3; Therefore, 4 + 5 = 6.
10 days and 18 messages later, "Oh I understand now"
20 Dumb Blonds in freezer:  Frosted flakes.
3 stages of sex: Tri-weekly, try weekly, try weakly.
50 states, and I had to pick one of confusion...
69, 714, 2112 : Sex, drugs, and Rock and Roll!
74% of all statistics are made up on the spot
89.6% of all statistics are wrong.
A .45 beats a royal flush EVERY TIME
A big enough hammer can usually fix anything.
A bird in the hand is a big mistake.
A bird in the hand is better than one overhead!
A career is a job that takes about 20 more hours a week.
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
A cynic smells flowers and looks for the casket.
A dry sense of humor is better than slobbering everywhere
A field upgrade,HAL. We're going to make you IBM compatible.
A fool with a tool is a well-equipped fool
A girl a day keeps the wife away.
A good marriage outlasts the first box of dental floss.
A hundred years from now, none of us will give a damn.
A husband is a lover who pushed his luck too far.
A jerk present in a group indicates a jerk in charge.
A lawyer's opinion is worth nothing unless paid for.
A little greed can get you lots of stuff
A low yield atomic bomb is like being a bit pregnant.
A man's incomplete until married; then he's finished!
A narrow mind is usually accompanied by a wide mouth.
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day...
A nudist has no reason to fear a pickpocket.
A perfect woman is one that is inflated to 40psi.
A short cut is the longest distance between two points.
A Smith & Wesson beats four aces every time.
A stitch in time would have confused Einstein.
A too-short mini skirt leaves a definitive end in view.
A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.
A wife lasts as long as a marriage, an ex-wife for ever.
A woman cries before the wedding, a man after.
Actions are usually right, but the reasons seldom are.
Adam ate the apple, and our teeth still ache.
Age and treachery can always overcome youth and skill.
AGGHHhhh, 4 AM Already!
ALL bikini clad women, proceed to move to California.
All women are automatically born with a shopping disorder
Always consider the alternative before making a choice.
Always remember you're unique - just like everyone else.
Always smile.  It makes people wonder what you're up to.
Am I ignorant or apathetic?  I don't know and don't care!
An idea is not responsible for fools who believe in it.
And on the seventh day, He took an aspirin.
Any given program, once running, is obsolete.
Any sufficiently advanced bug will become a feature.
Any sufficiently advanced technology looks like magic.
Anyone who remembers the 60's...wasn't there.
Anything not nailed down is a cat toy.
Are you on an ego trip?   You forgot your luggage.
As your Doctor I advise you to drink heavily.
ASCII silly questions and you'll get some silly ANSI
Author of "Lead, follow, or get outta the way."
Avoid the 5 o'clock rush - always leave work at noon.
Backup not found: (A)bort (R)etry (P)anic
Bank Rule: To get a loan, first prove you don't need it.
Bathroom scale: Something you stand on and swear at.
BBS Tip #45: ALT-H gives you sysop access!
Be kind to animals.....Take your Boss to lunch......
Behind every man, there's a woman with nothing to wear.
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
Blessed are the meek, for they make great scapegoats.
Both of his feet are firmly planted in the air.
Bush says "No new taxes!", Clinton says, "No, NEW taxes!"
But honey, I wouldn't be up so late on a faster machine!
Call me if you need my phone number!
Canadian DOS prompt: EH?\>
Captain we're at 1700 CPS. The UARTs canna take much more
Careful.  I know Karate and a few other foreign words.
Cats are smarter than dogs. Eight cats won't pull a sled.
Chemists don't die, they just stop reacting!
Circular Definition: see Definition, Circular.
Committee: A body that keeps minutes and wastes hours.
Compatible: Blows up a little later than Incompatible
copy *.txt > brain
Credit card owner -- Member of the debt set
Criminal lawyer.  Isn't that redundant?
Cross river *THEN* insult alligator.
Curiosity didn't kill the cat. I got 'im with the mower!
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
Debrief:  Wife listening while you talk in your sleep.
Dentist's famous last words: "You won't feel a thing..."
Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular.
Did you expect mere proof to sway my opinion?
Diplomacy: Saying "Nice doggie" until you can find a rock
Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?
Do NOT look into laser with remaining eye..
Do not merely believe in miracles, rely on them.
Do radioactive cats have eighteen half-lives?
Do witches use Spell-checkers?
Do ya really believe her when she says size don't matter?
Do you always hit the nail right on the thumb?
Does "PIRATE" software come with a treasure map?
Dog for sale: eats anything and is fond of children
Don't be sexist.  Broads hate that.
Don't confuse me with facts, my mind is made up!
Don't even TRY to THINK without proper tools.
Don't lend people money.  It causes amnesia.
Don't look now, but your file is unzipped.
Don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper.
Don't open the darkroom door; it lets all the dark out.
Don't overtax yourself; that's the Government's job.
Don't take life seriously...it isn't permanent.
Don't worry the next message will be better!
Earth is 98% full...please delete anyone you can.
Elvis Stamps:  Where will your mail be spotted next?
Epitaph on a gravestone: Cheerio, see you soon.
Error-Disk Full Error,Formatting Drive C: to make space
Every exit is an entrance into something else.
Every silver lining has a cloud around it.
Every step you take becomes a twist of fate.
Every valuable idea offends someone.
Everyone is a genius at least once a year.
Everyone is gifted. Some just open their packages sooner.
Everyone makes mistakes, if not we'd all be single!
Excuse me if I sound bitter....I taste that way too
Excuse me, while I change into something more formidable.
Expert: "ex"=a has-been. "spert"=a drip under pressure.
Explosion at sperm bank.  Nurses overcome.
Features should be discovered, not documented!
First, they tax incomes; now they're taxing my patience.
Floppy Disk = Lower back trouble.
Fools and their money become popular quickly.
General Failure reading drive A:  Please remove your fist
Get gun.  Shoot computer.  Turn off lights...
Give a man an inch, and he thinks he's a ruler.
Give and you might receive. Take and be sure of it.
Go ahead, correct my typos.  I'll make more.
Good girls go to heaven. Bad girls go EVERYwhere.
Got my Uzi, got some Scotch...let's go to Disneyland!
Gotta run, the cat's caught in the printer again...
Gravity doesn't exist. The Earth sucks.
Great beer bellies are made, not born.
Gun Control:  Ability to hit what you aim at!
Guns don't kill people. Bullets kill people.
HA HAH HA HAH HAH <SMACK> ... oof ...
Have a cold? Let me introduce you to Doc Jack Kevorkian.
Hell hath no fury like the lawyer of woman scorned!
Help stamp out, eliminate, and abolish redundancy!
Help!  I've been possessed by a UNIX daemon!
Here, you go first, you're immune to bullets.
Hey Santa, can I have a copy of your naughty girls list?
Hey!  Don't shoot that postal worker <BANG!> NO  CARRIER
Hey, wake up! It's time for your sleeping pills.
Hire teenagers while they still know everything.
History is a set of lies agreed upon by the Victors
Honesty pays, but not enough for some.
Hong Kong, Son of King Kong
Honk if you love obscene gestures.
Horn busted! Watch for finger...
Hot water Heaters:  hot water needs heating?
How can you be so deaf with those huge ears?
How did I get round from eating square meals?
How do women get minks? Same way minks get minks
How do you keep a turkey in suspense?
I am correct, the rest of you are wrong!
I am in total control, but don't tell my wife.
I am not 40, I'm 18 with 22 years experience
I am not arguing with you, I'm telling you.
I am not young enough to know everything.
I am the Shopping Cart that nicks at your paint-job.
I came, I saw, I confused.
I can keep a secret.  It's the people I tell that can't
I can SPELL, I just can't TYPE worth a hoot !
I can't be overdrawn, I still have checks left!
I don't have a solution but I really admire the problem.
I don't have all the answers, just those that count.
I don't own any slaves. My wife has one, though.
I gave up on my wife, and married my computer.
I got everything but the part after "Now listen closely".
I have a dirty mind, I mud wrestle with my conscience.
I have a firm grip on reality.  Now I can strangle it.
I have been poor and I have been rich.  Rich is better.
I have but three enemies: fear, anger, ignorance.
I have my wife on a 4 year lease with an option to buy.
I have seen the data...now bring me some I can agree with
I haven't lost my mind, it's backed up on disk
I idiot-proof my programs, & along comes a bigger idiot.
I just took an IQ test.  The results were negative.
I like your approach, now let's see your departure
I love animals!  But they all seem to taste like chicken.
I may be wrong, but I'm never in doubt!
I may have my faults, but being wrong ain't one of them.
I may have settled in shipping.
I may look busy, but I'm just confused!
I need a drink...where's the SPACE BAR?
I never get lost, just momentarily disoriented.
I still miss my ex-wife - but my aim is improving!
I think my learning curve has turned into a circle.
I think, therefore I am, I think
I thought I was a wit, and I was half right.
I tried to drown my sorrows, but they can swim.
I tld yo, "Nevertouch he flopy disk srface!"
I used to jog, but the ice kept falling out of my glass.
I was on a roll, till I slipped on the butter.
I was so much older then, I'm younger than that now
I was talking during sex and my girlfriend hung up.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous
I'd love to, but I'm observing National Apathy Week.
I'd love to, but I'm teaching my ferret to yodel.
I'd love to, but I'm touring China with a wok band.
I'd love to, but my bathroom tiles need grouting.
I'd love to, but my favorite commercial is on TV.
I'd love to, but my patent is pending.
I'd love to, but my uncle escaped again.
I'd love to, but the President said he might drop in.
I'll get to it on the 2nd Tuesday of next week.
I'll have what the gentleman on the floor is having.
I'm as confused as a baby at a topless bar!
I'm Buy-sexual, I have to pay for it.
I'm easy to please as long as I get my way.
I'm in shape ... round's a shape isn't it?
I'm not a complete idiot - several parts are missing.
I'm not afraid of flying, I'm afraid of crashing.
I'm not afraid of heights; I'm afraid of widths.
I'm not dead, I'm metabolically challenged.
I'm not laughing at you, I'm laughing with you!
I'm not lost, I'm "locationally challenged."
I'm not paranoid! Which of my enemies told you this?
I'm not rude, I'm "attitudinally challenged".
I'm not spoiled...I'm not, I'm not, I'm not!
I'm not worthless.  I can always serve as a bad example.
I'm sorry Mrs. Bobbitt, you can't send that in the mail.
I'm spending a year dead for tax purposes.
I've met zucchini with more potential.
I've seen condom vending machines, but this one installs.
if ( original_ver == OK )  don't_upgrade();
If (Wife = "yes") then (MONEY = "Gone") else Single
If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
If all goes well, you've overlooked something!
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong
If at first you don't succeed, call it Ver 1.0
If corn oil comes from corn, where does baby oil . . .
If I save time, when do I get it back ?
If I throw a cat out the car window, is it kitty litter?
If I want your opinion I'll beat it out of you!
If ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy folks?
If it jams, force it....If it breaks, it needed replacing
If it screams, it's not food, yet....
If it works, rip it apart and find out why!
If it works, you must have done something wrong.
If it's obvious, it's obviously wrong.
If it's useless, it will have to be documented.
If love is blind, lingerie makes great braille.
If only women came with pull-down menus and on-line help!
If screwups were dollars, I'd be a millionaire!!
If she can't take the heat, get her out of the oven!
If the thread ended in her jeans, should we follow it?
If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
If things improve with age, I'm nearly MAGNIFICENT!
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
If Version 1.0 works someone goofed...
If you can't laugh at yourself ... I'll do it for you.
If you can't make it good, make it big.
If you can't make it good, make it expensive.
If you have nothing to say, please only say it once!
If you really want to know, you won't ask me.
If you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast.
If you want her to show emotion, cut up her credit cards.
if you want someone to keep a secret, keep it yourself.
If you want the last word with a woman, apologize.
In an attempt to kill a fly, I drove into a pole.
In an empty head, you can hear forever....
In zen skiing, you learn to become one with the snow.
Include this in your CONFIG.SYS File: BUGS=OFF
Insanity is just a state of mind.
Insert disk 5 of 4 and press any key to continue
Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.
Invest in negotiable blondes...
It is always darkest just before you turn on the lights.
It said "Insert disk #3", but only 2 will fit!
It was so cold, I almost got married.
It wasn't my fault your wife wandered into my house!
It's 10:00pm.  Do you know where your daughter is?
It's been a business doing pleasure with you...
It's not a BUG, it's an undocumented feature!
It's not hard to meet expenses, they're everywhere.
It's not the money I want, it's the stuff.
It's not worth it.  I'm going back to bed.
It's tagline poker.  Can you beat EIGHT aces...?
Its rarely fun, never easy, and always expensive!
Jesus saves....Passes to Moses....He shoots!  HE SCORES!
Junk - stuff we throw away.  Stuff - junk we keep.
Just got a new car for my wife... Great trade...
Just when you got it all figured out:  An UPGRADE!
Just when you thought it was safe to go outside...
Kinky: Using A Feather. Sick: Using The Whole Chicken
Last night sex was so good the neighbors lit cigarettes.
Last words of Socrates: "I drank what?!?!"
Lead me not into temptation, I can find my own way
Life is a game.  Money is how we keep score.
Life is not fair...it IS, however, quite a circus.
Life is short, eat dessert first.
Live long and prosper... But don't let the IRS know.
Lots of people make sense, I want to make $$$
Love is grand. Divorce is twenty grand.
Love of money is the root of all politics.
Lunatic asylum: where optimism most flourishes.
Luxuriantly hand-crafted from only the finest ASCII.
Madness takes it's toll. Please have exact change.
Mail your ideas written on the back of a $20 bill to...
May your screen live long and phosphor.
Maybe they'll send you a free upgrade...NOT!
Me, indecisive?  I don't think I am, do you?
Memories of you remind me of you.
Microwave Hint#3: Make a hole in the turtle's shell first
Minds, like parachutes, work best when open.
Misfortune: The kind of fortune that never misses.
Mistress: something between a mister and a matteress
Money is like a promise, easier made then kept.
Money talks - mine says "Goodbye"
Multitasking = screwing up several things at once.
My Body's here, but my Mind's on vacation.
My boss is tempermental.  50% temper and 50% mental.
My wife loves ME--it's the computer she hates!
Network management is like trying to herd cats...
Never fight with a bear in his own cave.
Never hit a man with glasses.  Use your fist!
Never insult 7 men when all you're packing is a 6-shooter
Never trust a person who says, "Trust Me"....
New religion? I haven't used up the old one, yet!
Next time you wave, use ALL of your fingers!!
No Credit, Bad Credit? No Problem. No Money?  Problem.
No, no, nurse! I said SLIP off his SPECTACLES!!
Objects under T-Shirt are larger than they appear.
Of all the people I've met, you're certainly one of 'em.
Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most!
Of course I have backup tapes!  Do you want last years?
Philosophy:  unintelligible answers to insoluble problems
Plagiarism is the sincerest form of flattery.
Plastic explosives will be appropriate later in the week.
Please affix a 29-cent stamp on your next message.
Please save the above drivel for future reference!
Please type your Bank PIN number in your reply again.
Politicians are like diapers, they need to be changed often.
Politicians cut red tape....LENGTHWISE
Polls show that 9 out of 6 schizophrenics agree.
Pornography? I don't even have a pornograph!
Pretend to spank me -- I'm a pseudo-masochist!
Procrastination Day Has Been Postponed!
Professionals built the Titanic, amateurs built the ark.
Programmers don't get sniffles, they get a CODE.
Proofread carefully to see if you any words out!
Public Restroom-The only place a flush beats a full house
Purranoia: the fear one's cats are up to something.
Put on your seatbelt. I'm gonna try something new.
Reality is an obstacle to hallucination.
Resist everything but temptation.
Rudolph changed his nose to 500 watts. Blew a fuse.
Runtime Error 6D at 417A:32CF: Incompetent User.
Santa uses 'The Club' in New York, a vest in Florida.
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.
Scaldophobia: Fear the toilet will flush while showering.
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Seeing is believing, Touching is convincing..
Send $20 and I will doubble your IQ or no money back
Send me a dollar and I'll send 3 cents to your charity.
Sharks don't eat lawyers. Professional courtesy.
She said she had nothing to wear.  I smiled.
Shock me, say something intelligent!
Should we tell the children when we move?
Sigmund's wife wore Freudian slips.
Solve the problems of the world: Vote anarchist.
Some days you're the windshield, some days the bug.
Still sliding down the razor blade of life
Stipulation #1:  There will be no stipulations
Stop talking!  I'm out of aspirin!
Success is just a matter of luck.  Ask any failure.
Sure I can help you out!  Which way did you come in?
SWF, blonde bombshell, seeks man now.  No SYSOPs.
System halted.  There is NOTHING you can do.
Take my advice, I don't use it anyway.
Take no prisoners, we can't feed them.
The above opinion is worth 2 cents.
The best defense against logic is stupidity.
The bigger they are, the harder they hit you.
The check's in the mail... Trust me!
The earth is 98% full. Please delete anyone you can.
The girl of your dreams is unavailable except in print.
The man who dies with the most toys is dead..
The most expensive component is the one that breaks.
The Negative orgasm:     "Oh no, Ohh nooo, OH NOOO !"
The only dumb question is one you haven't asked yet.
The tuna doesn't taste the same without the dolphin.
The wise open their minds, but a fool opens his mouth.
The world is coming to an end. Please log off properly.
There are no bugs, only unrecognized features.
There is no such thing as bravery; only degrees of fear.
Things working well, no problems.  Time to upgrade.
This building is so high, the elevator shows movies.
This is your brain.  Postscript on brain your is This.
Those with the weapons make the rules.
Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
Tip #9: Add DEVICE=FNGRCROS.SYS to CONFIG.SYS
To err is human, to forgive is against my policy
To err is human. To moo is bovine.
To every exception there is a rule.
To get a loan you must prove you don't need it.
To get the point, rub a porcupine backwards.
To hell with criticism.  Praise is good enough for me.
To know the road ahead, ask those coming back.
To our sweethearts and wives.  May they never meet!
To test a man's character, give him power.
Today is a good day for you to jump in a lake.
Today is a good day to bribe a high--ranking official.
Today is cancelled due to lack of interest!
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Took an hour to bury the cat.  Silly thing kept moving...
Trespassers will be shot, survivors will be shot again!
Two can live as cheaply as one, for half as long.
Unfortunately, Wife 1.0 is not upgradable
Unsolicited advice answers unasked questions
Unzip, expand, explode... What pervert came up with this?
Veni, vedi, VCR:  I came, I saw, I dubbed.
Want to confuse people?  Quote from the wrong message!
War never decides who is right, only who is left.
We are born crying, live complaining, die disappointed
We give nothing as willingly as our advice.
We have no solution, but we sure admire the problem.
We make our own fortunes and call them our fate.
We'll burn that bridge when we come to it.
We're all sitting in the same boat: I fish, you row.
We're lost but we're making good time.
Well, to be frank, I'd have to change my name.
What are the instructions doing in the trash??
What are you looking down here for?  Read the message.
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
What is this tiny hole in the bathroom wall for?
What part of "NO" didn't you understand...?
What principles?  I'm trying to get elected!
What was the best thing BEFORE sliced bread?
When a cow laughs, does milk come up its nose?
When a girl goes bad--men go right after her.
When all else fails, read the directions.
When all else fails, read the manual.
When all else fails, spend money!
When all else is lost, the future still remains.
When all is said and done, more is said then done.
When an Agnostic dies, does he go to the Great Perhaps?
When choosing between two evils, select the newer one.
When I want your advice, I'll beat it out of you
When in doubt, mumble.  When in trouble, delegate.
When talking nonsense try not to be serious.
When your IQ hits 21, SELL!!
Who is General Failure, and *WHY* is he reading my disk?
Why can't women put the toilet seat back up?
Why do those that pay the least complain the most?
Why get even, when you can get odd?
Wife to sleeping spouse: "Wake up! Who the hell is Tina!!?"
Windows speed tip: type DEL \WINDOWS\*.*
Without my ignorance, your knowledge would be meaningless
Women prefer the simple things in life...MEN!
Women take to good hearted men. Also from.
Women were meant to be loved, not understood.
Women who seek to be equal to men lack ambition.
Women who wear mini-skirts sure are cheeky folk.
Women! Cant live with them, Cant live with them!
Words are not food, though sometimes we must eat them.
World Ends at 3pm; Film at 5 on WLKY Early News....
Worth seeing?  Yes, but not worth going to see.
Would it help if I got out and pushed?
Would you like to have some pizza with that sausage?
You are an example of why some animals eat their young.
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
You are in a maze of twisty little programs, all alike.
You are in a maze of UUCP connections, all alike.
You can close your eyes to reality but not to memories.
You can go home now, I can finish this without you.
You can never get rid of a bad temper by losing it.
You can pick your friends, but not your relatives.
You can send me to college, but you can't make me think.
You CAN trust the government...ask any Indian.
You can turn ANY conversation into one about sex!
You can't do that. It's been digitally cursed.
You go to heaven...God sneezes... What do you say?
You have an important role as a negative example.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You have mistaken me for someone who gives a damn
You have only a very small head and must live within it.
You have PMS and a Handgun?  I'll go quietly.....
You have the right to remain silent....  USE IT!
You have to be sharp to be on the cutting edge.
You have two choices for dinner: Take it or Leave it.
You look like a million dollars.  All in loose change.
You may use this opinion for a two week trial period.
You used to be indecisive.  Now you're not sure.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
You will be told about it tomorrow.  Go home and prepare
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
You will never be younger then you are today..
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
You're always seated by a crying child during long flights.
You're not losing more hair, you're gaining more scalp.
You're not old, You're chronologically disadvantaged
You're only young once.  You're immature forever.
You're PC if you think a "chick" is a baby bird.
You've obviously been educated beyond your intelligence.
Your aims are high, and you are incapable of much.
Your analyst has you confused with another patient.
Your boss is thinking about you.
Your ex just called....she's with the IRS now.
Your weapon was made by the lowest bidder!

 Eat a live frog, every morning, and nothing worse will happen to you all
 day.
 A fly by night leaves no shadow beyond a doubt.
 I'll smoke when the pope's wife takes the pill.
 Beauty times brains equals a constant.
 Nostalgia just isn't what it used to be. --Herb Caen
 How much does it cost to ride an IO bus?
 2 Bits.
 Designed with your mind in mind by people who have in mind what you
 should have in mind.
 "That we can comprehend the little we know already is mindboggling
 in itself." -- Tom Gates
 Secrecy is the beginning of tyranny.
 Hell hath no fury like a woman beaten out of a million dollars.
 When the only tool you have is a hammer, it is tempting to treat
 everything as if it were a nail.
 Don't try to have the last word.  You might get it.
 A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.
 "We are getting into semantics again.  If we use words, there is a
 very grave danger they will be misinterpreted."
         -- H. R. Haldeman, testifying in his own defense.
 Person who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
 Long computations which yield 0 (zero) are probably all for naught.
 Person who arrives at party two hours late will probably find he has
 been beaten to the punch.
 When Snow White turns on with the dwarfs she probably winds up
 feeling dopey.
 President Ford has noted that there are too many economic pundits
 and forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.
 Worth seeing?  Yes, but not worth going to see.
 Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
 He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with two eyes.
 There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
 He missed an invaluable opportunity to hold his tongue.
 There is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.
 With Congress, every time they make a joke it's a law; and every time
 they make a law it's a joke.
 A radical is a person with both feet firmly planted in the air.
 How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
 What is my loftiest ambition?  I've always wanted to throw an egg at
 an electric fan.
 Conversation is the slowest form of human communication.
 Lady A: Mr. C, you are quite drunk.
 Mr. C.: And you are very ugly, but indisputably in the morning I will be
         quite sober.
 Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
 Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
 A person will sometimes devote all his life to the development of one
 part of his body - the wishbone.
 A mother takes twenty years to make a man of her boy, and another
 woman makes a fool of him in twenty minutes.
 There is one thing more exasperating than a spouse who can cook and
 won't, and that's a spouse who can't cook and will.
 The famous politician was trying to save both his faces.
 Sex is nature's way of saying Hi!'.
 Disclose classified information only when a NEED TO KNOW exists.
 Biggest security gap - an open mouth.
 Regnant populi. (The people rule.)
 Pregnant ropuli. (The snake will soon lay eggs.)
 Ditat Deus. (God enriches.)
 Post proelium, praemium. (After the battle, the reward.)
 Facta, non verba.
 Sum quod eris. (I am what you will be.)
 Auribus teneo lupum. (I hold a wolf by the ears.)
 Vigilia pretium libertatis.  (Eternal vigilance is the price of
 liberty.)
 Populus vult decipi. (The people like to be deceived.)
 Fidelity: A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.
 Forgetfulness: A gift of God bestowed upon debtors in compensation
 for their destitution of conscience.
 The good die young - because they see it's no use living if you've
 got to be good.
 The thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the most
 amount of trouble is sex.
 Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
 It took me fifteen  years to discover I  had no talent for  writing,
 but I couldln't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
 Acquaintance: a person whom we know well enough to borrow from, but
 not well enough to lend to.
 The most important service rendered by the press is that of educating
 people to approach printed matter with distrust.
 The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible
 worlds, and the pessimist fears this is true.
 In marriage, as in war, it is permitted to take every advantage of
 the enemy.
 He looked at me as if I was a side dish he hadn't ordered.
 It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
 He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.
 The plural of spouse is spice.
 There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.
 Friends: people who borrow my books and set wet glasses on them.
 A holding company is a thing where you hand an accomplice the goods
 while the policeman searches you.
 My notion of a wife at forty is that a man should be able to change
 her, like a bank note, for two twenties.
 Troubles are like babies; they only grow by nursing.
 "When a man says he had pleasure with a woman he does not mean
 conversation."
         Samuel Johnson
 To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
 Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
 Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
 Dawn:   The time when men of reason go to bed.  Certain old men prefer
 to rise at about that time, taking a cold bath and a long walk with an
 empty stomach, and otherwise mortifying the flesh. They then point with
 pride to these practices as the cause of their sturdy health and ripe
 years; the truth being that they are hearty and old, not because of
 their habits, but in spite of them.  The reason we find only robust
 persons doing this thing is that it has killed all the others who have
 tried it.
 What kind of sound does a sub-atomic duck make?
 Quark!!
 How many IBM CPUs does it take to execute a program?
 Ten.  Nine to hold it down, and one to cut its head off.
 The only people who listen to both sides of an argument are the neighbors.
 With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
 Cynic: A blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not as
 they ought to be.  Hence the custom among the Scythians of plucking out
 a cynic's eyes to improve his vision.

 The rising people, hot and out of breath,
 Roared round the palace:  "Liberty or death!"
 "If death will do," the King said, "let me reign; You'll have, I'm
 sure, no reason to complain."
 Frosh:  "Lemme have a 10-mfd. capacitor."
 Salesman:  "Will you pay for it now?"
 Frosh:  "Naw, charge it."
 Today is a good day to bribe a high ranking public official.
 The universe is laughing behind your back.
 You can call her an outdoor girl if she has the bloom of youth on her
 cheeks and the cheeks of youth in her bloomers.
 Might as well be frank, monsieur. It would take a miracle to get you
 out of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles.
 A venerable old Jewish gentleman was day-dreaming while sunning himself
 on a bench on the boardwalk at Alantic City.  His reverie was disturbed
 when another man approached and asked, "Can I join you?"
         "What's the matter, maybe I'm, coming apart??"
 Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
 Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down
 A critic is a legless man who teaches running.
 It is a truly wise man who does not play leap frog with a unicorn.
 Let him who takes the Plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
 The decision doesn't have to be logical, it was unanimous.
 How can you work when the system's so crowded?
 HE WHO LAUGHS, LASTS.
 The best prophet of the future is the past.
 ONTOGENY RECAPITULATES PHILOGENY -- OR, IS THAT
 ONTOLOGY RECAPITULATES PHILOLOGY...???
 Even the smallest candle burns brighter in the dark.
 To be is to do.
                   I. Kant
 To do is to be.
                   J. P. Sartre
 Do be do be do.
                   F. Sinatra
  X
 E  DU DX  takes the place of normal sex!
  U
 E  DU DX  takes the place of normal sex!
 I do desire we may be better strangers.
 Assassination is the extreme form of censorship.
 An asylum for the sane would be empty.
 Council for the defence was prepared to prove:  1) He shot in self defence,
 2) The police did it and stuck the gun in his hand, and 3) He was 100
 miles away when it happened.
 The churches must learn humility as well as teach it.
 If all economists were laid end to end, they would not reach a conclusion.
 May you live all the days of your life.
 Never speak ill of yourself;  your friends will always say
 enough on that subject.
 Fleas can be taught nearly anything that a congressperson can.
 His money is twice tainted: 'taint yours and 'taint mine.
 Little nips of whiskey, little drops of gin,
 Make a lady wonder where on earth she's bin.
 Living in the past has one thing in its favour - it's cheaper.
 Now I lay me back to sleep,
 The speaker's dull, the subject's deep.
 If he should stop before I wake,
 Give me a nudge for goodness' sake.
 Los Angeles:  Seventeen suburbs in search of a city.
 How can I take an interest in my work when I don't like it?
 It's a useless but absolutely vital precaution.
 Speaking of poison, I'll see that you get some fresh breakfast immediately.

 Jay:  Did you hear the one about the Polish athelete who was so proud
 of his gold medal that he had it bronzed?
 Banacek:  No, how does it go?

 PARKINSON'S LAW:  Work expands to fill the time available for its completion.
 PARKINSON'S LAW, MODIFIED: The junk you have will expand to fill the
 available space.
 THE PETER PRINCIPLE: In every hierarchy, each employee tends to rise to
 his level of incompetence.
 CHEOPS' LAW: Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.
 MURPHY'S LAW: If something can go wrong, it will.
 WEILER'S LAW: Nothing is impossible for the man who does not have to do it
 himself.
 FINAGLE'S LAW: Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it
 makes it worse.
 RUDIN'S LAW: In a crisis that forces a choice to be made among alternative
 courses of action, most people will choose the worst one possible.
 UNNAMED LAW: If it happens, it must be possible.
 CLARKE'S THIRD LAW: Any sufficiently advanced technology is
 indistinguishible from magic.
 GUMPERSON'S LAW: The outcome of a given desired probability will be inverse
 to the degree of desirability.
 (After a salary raise, you will have less money at the end of the
 month than you had before.)
* (The more a recruit knows about a given subject, the better chance
* he has of being assigned to something else.)
 CUTLER WEBSTER'S LAW: There are two sides to every argument unless a
 man is personally involved, in which case there is only one.
 ALBRECHT'S LAW: Social innovations tend to the level of minimum
 tolerable well being.
 PATRICKS'S THEOREM: If the experiment works, you must be using the wrong
 equipment.
 SKINNER'S CONSTANT: (also Fynnegan's Finagling Factor) That quantity
 which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to, or subtracted from
 the answer you got, gives the answer you should have gotton.
 HORNER'S FIVE THUMB POSTULATE: Experience varies directly with the
 equipment ruined.
 FLAOLE'S LAW OF THE PERVERSITY OF INANIMATE OBJECTS: Any inanimate object,
 regardless of its composition or configuration, may be expected
 to perform at any time - in a totally unexpected manner for reasons
 that are either entirely obscure or also completely mysterious.
 ALLEN'S AXIOM: When all else fails, read the instructions.
 THE SPARE PARTS PRINCIPLE: The accessability during recovery of small
 parts which fall from the workbench, varies directly with the size of
 the part, and inversely with its importance to the completion of the work
 underway.
 THE COMPENSATION COROLLARY: The experiment must be considered a success
 if  no more than 50% of the observed measurements must be discarded
 to obtain a correspondence with theory.
 THE ORDERING PRINCIPLE: Those supplies necessary for yesterday's experiment
  must be ordered by no later than noon tomorrow.
 THE ULTIMATE PRINCIPLE: By definition, when you are investigating the
 unknown - you do not know what you will find.
 THE FUTILITY FACTOR: No experiment is ever a complete failure - it can always
 serve as a bad example.
 Why did the chicken cross the road half way?
 He wanted to lay it on the line.
 System stopping for 2 minutes, 1 minute ago.
 YOUR SUBSYSTEM HAS DIED.....
 Startrek makes your sterile
 NEW FORTRAN H EXTENDED - GO TO STATEMENTS ARE NOW ILLEGAL.
 SEE ASPNEWS FOR DETAILS.
 Allison's Precept
    The best simple-minded test of expertise in a particular area is
    the ability to win money in a series of bets on future occurrences
    in that area.
 Corollary to Anthony's Law
    On the way to the corner, any dropped tool will first always
    strike your toes.
 Army Axiom
    Any order that can be misunderstood has been misunderstood.
 Axiom of the Pipe   (Trischmann's Paradox)
    A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something
    to stick in his mouth.
 Baker's Law
    Misery no longer loves company.  Nowadays it insists on it.
 Barber's Laws of Backpacking
      The integral of the gravitational potential taken around
        any loop trail you choose to hike always comes out positive.
      Any stone in your boot always migrates against the
        pressure gradient to exactly the point of most pressure.
      The weight of your pack increases in direct proportion
        to the amount of food you consume from it.  If you
        run out of food, the pack weight goes on increasing anyway.
      The number of stones in your boot is directly
        proportional to the number of hours you have been on the trail.
 Backpacking -
      The size of each of the stones in your boot is directly
        proportional to the number of hours you have been on the trail.
      The remaining distance to your chosen campsite remains constant
        as twilight approaches.
      The net weight of your boots is proportional to the cube of the
        number of hours you have been on the trail.
      When you arrive at your chosen campsite, it is full.
 Forthoffer's Cynical Summary of Barzun's Laws
    1)  That which has not yet been taught directly can never
        be taught directly.
    2)  If at first you don't succeed, you will never succeed.
 Baxter's First Law
    Government intervention in the free market always leads to a
    lower national standard of living.
 Baxter's Second Law
    The adoption of fractional gold reserves in a currency system
    always leads to depreciation, devaluation, demonetization and,
    ultimately, to complete destruction of that currency.
 Baxter's Third Law
    In a free market good money always drives bad money out of
    circulation.
 Becker's Law
    It is much harder to find a job than to keep one.
 Beifeld's Principle
    The probability of a young man meeting a desirable and receptive
    young female increases by pyramidal progression when he is already
    in the company of (1) a date, (2) his wife, and
    (3) a better looking and richer male friend.
 Bicycle Law
    All bicycles weigh 50 pounds:
         A 30-pound bicycle needs a 20-pound lock and chain.
         A 40-pound bicycle needs a 10-pound lock and chain.
         A 50-pound bicycle needs no lock or chain.
 Blaauw's Law
    Established technology tends to persist in spite of new
    technology.
 Booker's Law
    An ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction.
 Boren's Laws
    1)  When in doubt, mumble.
    2)  When in trouble, delegate.
    3)  When in charge, ponder.
 Brien's First Law
    At some time in the life cycle of virtually every organization,
    its ability to succeed in spite of itself runs out.
 Brook's Law
    Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
 Brown's Law of Business Success
    Our customer's paperwork is profit. Our own paperwork is loss.
 Bucy's Law
    Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.
 Bustlin' Billy's Bogus Beliefs
    1)  The organization of any program reflects the organization
        of the people who develop it.
    2)  There is no such thing as a "dirty capitalist," only a
        capitalist.
    3)  Anything is possible, but nothing is easy.
    4)  Capitalism can exist in one of only two states --
        welfare or warfare.
    5)  I'd rather go whoring than warring.
    6)  History proves nothing.
 Bye's First Law of Model Railroading
    Anytime you wish to demonstrate something, the number of faults
    is proportional to the number of viewers.
 Bye's Second Law of Model Railroading
    The desire for modeling a prototype is inversely proportional
    to the decline of the prototype.
 Cahn's Axiom
    When all else fails, read the instructions.
 Camp's Law
    A coup that is known in advance is a coup that does not take place.
 Canada Bill Jones' Motto
    It's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.
 Canada Bill Jones' Supplement
    A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.
 Cheop's Law
    Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.
 Chisholm's Law of Human Interaction
    Anytime things appear to be going better you have overlooked
    something.
 Chisholm's Third Law
    Proposals, as understood by the proposer,
    will be judged otherwise by others.
    Corollary 1:  If you explain so clearly that nobody can
                  misunderstand, somebody will.
    Corollary 2:  If you do something which you are sure will meet
                  with everyone's approval, somebody won't like it.
    Corollary 3:  Procedures devised to implement the purpose
                  won't quite work.
 Churchill's Commentary on Man
    Man will occasionally stumble over the truth but most of the
    time he will pick himself up and continue on.
I STOPPED HERE -------------------------
 Clarke's First Law
    When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something
    is possible, he is almost certainly right.  When he states that
    something is impossible, he is very probably wrong.
 Clarke's Second Law
    The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go
    beyond them into the impossible.
 Clarke's Third Law
    Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from
    magic.
 Clarke's Law of Revolutionary Ideas
    Every revolutionary idea - in Science, Politics, Art or Whatever -
    evokes three stages of reaction.  They may be summed up by the
    three phrases:
      1)  "It is completely impossible -- don't waste my time."
      2)  "It is possible, but it is not worth doing."
      3)  "I said it was a good idea all along."
 Cohen's Law
    What really matters is the name you succeed in imposing on the
    facts -- not the facts themselves.
 Cole's Law
    Thinly sliced cabbage.
 Commoner's Three Laws of Ecology
    1)  No action is without side-effects.
    2)  Nothing ever goes away.
    3)  There is no free lunch.
 Cook's Law
    Much work -- much food, little work -- little food,
    no work -- burial at sea.
 Cornuelle's Law
    Authority tends to assign jobs to those least able to do them.
 Crane's Law   (Friedman's Reiteration)
    There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
 Diogenes' First Dictum
    The more heavily a man is supposed to be taxed, the more power
    he has to escape being taxed.
 Diogenes' Second Dictum
    If a taxpayer thinks he can cheat safely, he probably will.
 Dow's Law
    In a hierarchical organization, the higher the level, the
    greater the confusion.
 Dunne's Law
    The territory behind rhetoric is too often mined with equivocation.
 Ehrman's Corollary to Ginsberg's Theorem
    1)  Things will get worse before they get better.
    2)  Who said things would get better.
 Ettorre's Observation
    The other line moves faster.
 Evan's Law of Politics
    When team members are finally in a position to help the team,
    it turns out they have quit the team.
 Everitt's Form of the Second Law of Thermodynamics
    Confusion (entropy) is always increasing in society.  Only if
    someone or something works extremely hard can this confusion be
    reduced to order in a limited region.  Nevertheless, this effort
    will still result in an increase in the total confusion of
    society at large.
 Extended Epstein-Heisenberg Principle
    In an R & D orbit, only 2 of the existing 3 parameters can be
    defined simultaneously.  The parameters are: task, time and
    resources ($).
 Farber's First Law
    Give him an inch and he'll screw you.
 Farber's Second Law
    A hand in the bush is worth two anywhere else.
 Farber's Third Law
    We're all going down the same road in different directions.
 Farber's Fourth Law
    Necessity is the mother of strange bedfellows.
 The Fifth Rule
    You have taken yourself too seriously.
 Finagle's First Law
    If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
 Finagle's Second Law
    No matter what result is anticipated, there will always be
    someone eager to (a) misinterpret it, (b) fake it, or (c) believe
    it happened to his own pet theory.
 Finagle's Third Law
    In any collection of data, the figure most obviously correct,
    beyond all need of checking, is the mistake.
    Corollary 1:  No one whom you ask for help will see it.
    Corollary 2:  Everyone who stops by with unsought advice
                  will see it immediately.
 Finagle's Fourth Law
    Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it only
    makes it worse.
 Finagle's Rules
     In case of doubt, make it sound convincing.
     Experiments should be reproducible.  They should all
     fail in the same way.
     Do not believe in miracles.  Rely on them.
 First Law of Bicycling
    No matter which way you ride it's uphill and against the wind.
 First Law of Bridge
    It's always the partner's fault.
 First Law of Canoeing   (Alfred Andrews' Canoeing Postulate)
    No matter which direction you start it's always against the
    wind coming back.
 First Law of Debate
    Never argue with a fool.  People might not know the difference.
 First Law of Office Holders
    Get re-elected.
 Fitz-Gibbon's Law
    Creativity varies inversely with the number of cooks involved
    with the broth.
 Flap's Law
    Any inanimate object, regardless of its position or
    configuration, may be expected to perform at any time in a
    totally unexpected manner for reasons that are either entirely
    obscure or else completely mysterious.
 Fortis' Three Great Lies of Life
    1)  Money isn't everything.
    2)  It's great to be a Negro.
    3)  I'm only going to put it in a little way.
 Fourteenth Corollary of Atwood's General Law of Dynamic Negatives
    No books are lost by loaning except those you particularly
    wanted to keep.
 Franklin's Rule
    Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall not be
    disappointed.
 Gilb's Laws of Unreliability
    1)  Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable.
        Corollary:  At the source of every error which is blamed on the
                    computer you will find at least two human errors,
                    including the error of blaming it on the computer.
    2)  Any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable.
 Ginsberg's Theorem
    1)  You can't win.
    2)  You can't break even.
    3)  You can't even quit the game.
 Golden Rules of Indulgence
    Everything in excess!  To enjoy the full flavor of life, take
    big bites.  Moderation is for monks.  Yield to temptation; it may
    never pass your way again.
 Gray's Law of Programming
    n+1 trivial tasks are expected to be accomplished in the same
    time as n trivial tasks.
 Logg's Rebuttal to Gray's Law of Programming
    n+1 trivial tasks take twice as long as n trivial tasks.
 Gresham's Law
    Trivial matters are handled promptly; important matters are never
 solved.
 Whenver possible blame the hardware.
 Grosch's Law
    Computing power increases as the square of the cost.  If you
    want to do it twice as cheaply, you have to do it four times
    as fast.
 Gummidge'e Law
    The amount of expertise varies in inverse proportion to the
    number of statements understood by the general public.
 Gumperson's Law
    The probability of anything happening is in inverse ratio to
    its desirability.
 Hacker's Law of Personnel
    Anyone having supervisory responsibility for the completion of a
    task will invariably protest that more resources are needed.
 Hagerty's Law
    If you lose your temper at a newspaper columnist, he'll get
    rich or famous or both.
 Haldane's Law
    The Universe is not only queerer than we imagine;
    it is queerer than we CAN imagine.
 Harper's Magazine's Law
    You never find an article until you replace it.
 Hartley's First Law
    You can lead a horse to water, but if you can get him to
    float on his back you've got something.
 Hartley's Second Law
    Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself.
 Harvard Law
    Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure,
    temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the
    organism will do as it damn well pleases.
 Heller's Law
    The first myth of management is that it exists.
 Hendrickson's Law
    If a problem causes many meetings, the meetings eventually become
    more important than the problem.
 Hoare's Law of Large Programs
    Inside every large program is a small program struggling
    to get out.
 Horner's Five Thumb Postulate
    Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.
 Howard's First Law of Theater
    Use it.
 Howe's Law
    Every man has a scheme that will not work.
 Hull's Theorem
    The combined pull of several patrons is the sum of their
    separate pulls multiplied by the number of patrons.
 IBM Pollyanna Principle
    Machines should work.  People should think.
 Imhoff's Law
    The organization of any bureaucracy is very much like a septic tank
    -- the REALLY big chunks always rise to the top.
 Iron Law of Distribution
    Them what has - gets.
 Italian Proverb
    She who is silent consents.
 Jacquin's Postulate on Democratic Governments
    No man's life, liberty or property are safe while the
    legislature is in session.
 Jay's Laws of Leadership
    1)  Changing things is central to leadership,
        and changing them before anyone else is creativeness.
    2)  To build something that endures, it is of the greatest
        importance to have a long tenure in office -- to rule for
        many years.  You can achieve a quick success in a year or
        two, but nearly all of the great tycoons have continued
        their building much longer.
 Jenkinson's Law
    It won't work.
 John Cameron's Law
    No matter how many times you've had it, if it's offered,
    take it, because it'll never be quite the same again.
 John's Axiom
    When your opponent is down, kick him.
 John's Collateral Corollary
    In order to get a loan you must first prove you don't need it.
 Johnson's Corollary to Heller's Law
    Nobody really knows what is going on anywhere within your
    organization.
 Johnson's First Law of Auto Repair
    Any tool dropped while repairing an automobile will roll
    under the car to the vehicle's exact geographic center.
 Johnson-Laird's Law
    Toothache tends to start on Saturday night.
 Jones' Law
    The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought
    of someone he can blame it on.
 Jones' Motto
    Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
 Kamin's First Law
    All currencies will decrease in value and purchasing power
    over the long term, unless they are freely and fully convertable
    into gold and that gold is traded freely without restrictions of
    any kind.
 Kamin's Second Law
    Threat of capital controls accelerates marginal capital
    outflows.
 Kamin's Third Law
    Combined total taxation from all levels of government will
    always increase (until the government is replaced by war or
    revolution).
 Kamin's Fourth Law
    Government inflation is always worse than statistics indicate;
    central bankers are biased toward inflation when the money unit is
    non-convertible, and without gold or silver backing.
 Kamin's Fifth Law
    Purchasing power of currency is always lost far more rapidly
    than ever regained.  (Those who expect even fluctuations in both
    directions play a losing game.)
 Kamin's Sixth Law
    When attempting to predict and forcast macro-economic moves or
    economic legislation by a politician, never be misled by what he
    says; instead watch what he does.
 Kamin's Seventh Law
    Politicians will always inflate when given the opportunity.
 Katz's Law
    Men and nations will act rationally when all other
    possibilities have been exhausted.
 Kerr-Martin Law
    1)  In dealing with their OWN problems, faculty members are the
        most extreme conservatives.
    2)  In dealing with OTHER people's problems, they are the
        world's most extreme liberals.
 Kirkland's Law
    The usefulness of any meeting is in inverse proportion to
    the attendance.
 Kitman's Law
    Pure drivel tends to drive off the TV screen ordinary
    drivel.
 Lani's Principles of Economics
    1)  Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.
    2)  $100 placed at 7% interest compounded quarterly for 200
        years will increase to more than $100,000,000 by which time it
        will be worth nothing.
    3)  In God we trust, all others pay cash.
 La Rochefoucauld's Law
    It is more shameful to distrust one's friends than to be
    deceived by them.
 Law of Communications
    The inevitable result of improved and enlarged communications
    between different levels in a hierarchy is a vastly increased area
    of misunderstanding.
 Law of Computability Applied to Social Science
    If at first you don't succeed, transform your data set.
 Law of Selective Gravity   (The Buttered Side Down Law)
    An object will fall so as to do the most damage.
 Law of the Perversity of Nature   (Mrs. Murphy's Corollary)
    You cannot successfully determine beforehand which side of
    the bread to butter.
 Law of Superiority
    The first example of superior principle is always inferior
    to the developed example of inferior principle.
 Laws of Computerdom According to Golub
    1)  Fuzzy project objectives are used to avoid the embarrassment
        of estimating the corresponding costs.
    2)  A carelessly planned project takes three times longer to
        complete than expected; a carefully planned project will take
        only twice as long.
    3)  The effort required to correct course increases geometrically
        with time.
    4)  Project teams detest weekly progress reporting because it so
        vividly manifests their lack of progress.
 Laws of Computer Programming
    1)  Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
    2)  Any given program costs more and takes longer.
    3)  If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
    4)  If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
    5)  Any given program will expand to fill all available
        memory.
    6)  The value of a program is proportional to the weight
        of its output.
 Laws of Gardening
    1)  Other people's tools work only in other people's yards.
    2)  Fanzy gizmos don't work.
    3)  If nobody uses it, there's a reason.
    4)  You get the most of what you need the least.
 Le Chatelier's Law
    If some stress is brought to bear on a system in equilibrium,
    the equilibrium is displaced in the direction which tends to
    undo the effect of the stress.
 Les Miserables Metalaw
    All laws, whether good, bad, or indifferent, must be
    obeyed to the letter.
 Long's Notes
    1)  Always store beer in a dark place.
 Lord Falkland's Rule
    When it is not necessary to make a decision, it is necessary not
    to make a decision.
 Lowery's Law
    If it jams -- force it.  If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.
 Malek's Law
    Any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way.
 Malinowski's Law
    Looking from far above, from our high places of safety in
    the developed civilization, it is easy to see all the crudity and
    irrelevance of magic.
 Dean Martin's Definition of Drunkenness
    You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
 Martin-Berthelot Principle
    Of all possible committee reactions to any given agenda item,
    the reaction that will occur is the one which will liberate
    the greatest amount of hot air.
 Match's Maxim
    A fool in a high station is like a man on the top of a high mountain:
    everything appears small to him and he appears small to everybody.
 Matsch's Law
    It is better to have a horrible ending than to have horrors
    without end.
 McClaughry's Codicil on Jone's Motto
    To make an enemy, do someone a favor.
 McClaughry's Law of Zoning
    Where zoning is not needed, it will work perfectly;
    where it is desperately needed, it always breaks down.
 McGoon's Law
    The probability of winning is inversely proportional to
    the amount of the wager.
 McNaughton's Rule
    Any argument worth making within the bureaucracy must be
    capable of being expressed in a simple declarative sentence that
    is obviously true once stated.
 H. L. Mencken's Law
    Those who can -- do.
    Those who cannot -- teach.
    Those who cannot teach -- administrate.  (Martin's extension)
 Merrill's First Corollary
    There are no winners in life; only survivors.
 Merrill's Second Corollary
    In the highway of life, the average happening is of about as
    much true significance as a dead skunk in the middle of the road.
 Meskimen's Law
    There's never time to do it right, but always time to
    do it over.
 Michehl's Theorem
    Less is more.
 Pastore's Comment on Michehl's Theorem
    Nothing is ultimate.
 Miller's Law
    You can't tell how deep a puddle is until you step into it.
 Mobil's Maxim
    Bad regulation begets worse regulation.
 Murphy's First Law
    Nothing is as easy as it looks.
 Murphy's Second Law
    Everything takes longer than you think.
 Murphy's Third Law
    In any field of scientific endeavor, anything that can go
    wrong will go wrong.
 Murphy's Fourth Law
    If there is a possibility of several things going wrong,
    the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to
    go wrong.
 Murphy's Fifth Law
    If anything just cannot go wrong, it will anyway.
 Murphy's Sixth Law
    If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which
    a procedure can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way,
    unprepared for, will promptly develop.
 Murphy's Seventh Law
    Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
 Murphy's Eighth Law
    If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously
    overlooked something.
 Murphy's Ninth Law
    Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
 Murphy's Tenth Law
    Mother nature is a bitch.
 Murphy's Eleventh Law
    It is impossible to make anything foolproof because
    fools are so ingenious.
 Murphy's Law of Thermodynamics
    Things get worse under pressure.
 Newton's Little-known Seventh Law
    A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.
 Nienberg's Law
    Progress is made on alternate Fridays.
 Ninety-ten Rule of Project Schedules
    The first ninety percent of the task takes ten percent
    of the time, and the last ten percent takes the other ninety
    percent.
 O'Brien's Principle   (The $357.73 Theory)
    Auditors always reject any expense account with a bottom line
    divisible by 5 or 10.
 Oeser's Law
    There is a tendency for the person in the most powerful
    position in an organization to spend all his time serving
    on committees and signing letters.
 Ordering Principle
    Those supplies necessary for yesterday's experiment must
    be ordered no later than tomorrow noon.
 Osborn's Law
    Variables won't, constants aren't.
 O'Toole's Commentary on Murphy's Laws
    Murphy was an optimist.
 Pardo's Postulates
    1)  Anything good is either illegal, immoral, or fattening.
    2)  The three faithful things in life are money, a dog, and
        an old woman.
    3)  Don't care if you're rich or not, as long as you can live
        comfortably and have everything you want.
 Pareto's Law   (The 20/80 Law)
    20% of the customers account for 80% of the turnover,
    20% of components account for 80% of the cost, and
    so forth.
 Parker's Rule of Parlimentary Procedure
    A motion to adjourn is always in order.
 Parker's Law of Political Statements
    The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its
    credibility and vice versa.
 Parkinson's First Law
    Work expands to fill the time available for its completion;
    the thing to be done swells in perceived importance and
    complexity in a direct ratio with the time to be spent in
    its completion.
 Parkinson's Second Law
    Expenditures rise to meet income.
 Parkinson's Third Law
    If there is a way to delay an important decision the good
    bureaucracy, public or private, will find it.
 Parkinson's Fourth Law
    The number of people in any working group tends to increase
    regardless of the amount of work to be done.
 Parkinson's Law of Delay
    Delay is the deadliest form of denial.
 Pastore's Truths
    1)  Even paranoids have enemies.
    2)  This job is marginally better than daytime TV.
    3)  On alcohol: four is one more than more than enough.
 Peckham's Law
    Beauty times brains equals a constant.
 Peer's Law
    The solution to a problem changes the problem.
 Peter Principle
    In every hierarchy, whether it be government or business, each
    employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence; every post
    tends to be filled by an employee incompetent to execute its
    duties.
 Peter's Corollaries
    1)  Incompetence knows no barriers of time or place.
    2)  Work is accomplished by those employees who have not yet
        reached their level of incompetence.
    3)  If at first you don't succeed, try something else.
 Peter's Inversion
    Internal consistency is valued more highly than efficiency.
 Peter's Paradox
    Employees in a hierarchy do not really object to incompetence
    in their colleagues.
 Peter's Perfect People Palliative
    Each of us is a mixture of good qualities and some (perhaps)
    not-so-good qualities.  In considering our fellow people we
    should remember their good qualities and realize that their
    faults only prove that they are, after all, human.  We should
    refrain from making harsh judgements of people just because
    they happen to be dirty, rotten, no-good sons-of-bitches.
 Peter's Placebo
    An ounce of image is worth a pound of performance.
 Peter's Theorem
    Incompetence plus incompetence equals incompetence.
 Potter's Law
    The amount of flak received on any subject is inversely
    proportional to the subject's true value.
 Productivity Equation
    The productivity, P, of a group of people is:
         P = N x T x (.55 - .00005 x N x (N - 1) )
    where N is the number of people in the group
    and T is the number of hours in a work period.
 Professor Gordon's Rule of Evolving Bryographic Systems
    While bryographic plants are typically encountered in
    substrata of earthy or mineral matter in concreted state,
    discrete substrata elements occasionally display a roughly
    spherical configuration which, in presence of suitable
    gravitational and other effects, lends itself to combined
    translatory and rotational motion.  One notices in such cases
    an absence of the otherwise typical accretion of bryophyta.
    We therefore conclude that a rolling stone gathers no moss.
 Pudder's Law
    Anything that begins well ends badly.
    Anything that begins badly ends worse.
 Puritan's Law
    Evil is live spelled backwards.
 Puritan's Second Law
    If it feels good, don't do it.
 Q's Law
    No matter what stage of completion one reaches in a North Sea
    (oil) field, the cost of the remainder of the project remains
    the same.
 Rangnekar's Modified Rules Concerning Decisions
    1)  If you must make a decision, delay it.
    2)  If you can authorize someone else to avoid a decision, do so.
    3)  If you can form a committee, have them avoid the decision.
    4)  If you can otherwise avoid a decision, avoid it immediately.
 Rayburn's Rule
    If you want to get along, go along.
 Riddle's Constant
    There are coexisting elements in frustration phenomena which
    separate expected results from achieved results.
 Ross' Law
    Never characterize the importance of a statement in advance.
 Rudin's Law
    In a crisis that forces a choice to be made among alternative
    courses of action, most people will choose the worst one possible.
 Rule of Accuracy
    When working toward the solution of a problem it always
    helps if you know the answer.
 Sam's Axiom
    1)  Any line, however short, is still too long.
    2)  Work is the crabgrass of life, but money is the water
        that keeps it green.
 Sattinger's Law
    It works better if you plug it in.
 Segal's Law
    A man with one watch knows what time it is;
    a man with two watches is never sure.
 Sevareid's Law
    The chief cause of problems is solutions.
 Shalit's Law
    The intensity of movie publicity is in inverse ratio to the
    quality of the movie.
 Shanahan's Law
    The length of a meeting rises with the square of the number of
    people present.
 Shaw's Principle
    Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will
    want to use it.
 Simmon's Law
    The desire for racial integration increases with the square
    of the distance from the actual event.
 Simon's Law
    Everything put together sooner or later falls apart.
 Skinner's Constant   (Flannegan's Finagling Factor)
    That quantity which, when multiplied by, divided by, added to,
    or subtracted from the answer you get, gives you the answer
    you should have gotten.
 Snafu Equations
    1)  Given any problem containing n equations, there will be
        n + 1 unknowns.
    2)  An object or bit of information most needed, will be
        least available.
    3)  Any device requiring service or adjustment will be least
        accessible.
    4)  Interchangable devices won't.
 Sociology's Iron Law of Oligarchy
    In every organized activity, no matter the sphere,
    a small number will become the oligarchial leaders
    and the others will follow.
 Spare Parts Principle
    The accessibility, during recovery of small parts which fall
    from the work bench, varies directly with the size of the
    part and inversely with its importance to the completion of
    work underway.
 Steele's Plagiarism of Somebody's Philosophy
    Everyone should believe in something -- I believe I'll have
    another drink.
 Sturgeon's Law
    90 per cent of everything is crud.
 Swipple Rule of Order
    He who shouts loudest has the floor.
 Terman's Law
    There is no direct relationship between the quality of
    an educational program and its cost.
 Terman's Law of Innovation
    If you want a track team to win the high jump
    you find one person who can jump seven feet,
    not seven people who can jump one foot.
 Theory of the International Society of Philosophic Engineering
    In any calculation, any error which can creep in will.
 Thoreau's Law
    If you see a man approaching with the obvious intent
    of doing you good,  run for your life.
 Transcription Law
    The number of errors made is equal to the number of 'squares'
    employed.
 Truman's Law
    If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
 Truths of Management
    1)  Think before you act; it's not your money.
    2)  All good management is the expression of one great idea.
    3)  No executive devotes effort to proving himself wrong.
    4)  Cash in must exceed cash out.
    5)  Management capability is always less than the
        organization actually needs.
    6)  Either an executive can do his job or he can't.
    7)  If sophisticated calculations are needed to justify an
        action, don't do it.
 Truth 5.1 of Management
    Organizations always have too many managers.
    10) The easiest way of making money is to stop losing it.
 Tuccille's First Law of Reality
    Industry always moves in to fill an economic vacuum.
 Vail's Axiom
    In any human enterprise, work seeks the lowest hierarchial level.
 Vique's Law
    A man without religion is like a fish without a bicycle.
 Vonnegut's Corollary
    Beauty may be only skin deep, but ugliness goes right to the core.
 Weaver's Law
    When several reporters share a cab on an assignment, the
    reporter in the front seat pays for all.
 Weaver's Corollary   (Doyle's Corollary)
    No matter how many reporters share a cab, and no matter who
    pays, each puts the full fare on his own expense account.
 Weber-Fechner Law
    The least change in stimulus necessary to produce a perceptible
    change in response is proportional to the stimulus already existing.
 Weiler's Law
    Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to
    do it himself.
 Weinberg's Law
    If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs,
    then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy
    civilization.
 Weinberg's Corollary
    An expert is a person who avoids the small errors
    while sweeping on to the grand fallacy.
 Westheimer's Rule
    To estimate the time it takes to do a task:  estimate
    the time you think it should take, multiply by 2, and change
    the unit of measure to the next highest unit.  Thus we allocate
    2 days for a one hour task.
 White's Chappaquidick Theorem
    The sooner and in more detail you announce bad news, the better.
 White's Observations of Committee Operation
    1)  People very rarely think in groups;
        they talk together, they exchange information, they adjudicate,
        they make compromises.
        But they do not think; they do not create.
    2)  A really new idea affronts current agreement.
 White's Statement
    Don't lose heart...
 Owen's Comment on White's Statement
    ...they might want to cut it out...
 Byrd's Addition to Owen's Comment on White's Statement
    ...and they want to avoid a lengthy search.
 Wiker's Law
    Government expands to absorb revenue and then some.
 Wolf's Law    (An Optimistic View of a Pessimistic World)
    It isn't that things will necessarily go wrong (Murphy's Law),
    but rather that they will take so much more time and effort than you
    think if they are not to go wrong.
 Worker's Dilemma Law   (or Management's Put-Down Law)
    1)  No matter how much you do, you'll never do enough.
    2)  What you don't do is always more important than what
        you do do.
 Wynne's Law
    Negative slack tends to increase.
 Zymurgy's First Law of Evolving System Dynamics
    Once you open a can of worms, the only way to recan them
    is to use a larger can.  (Old worms never die, they just worm their
    way into larger cans).
 Zymurgy's Law on the Availability of Volunteer Labor
    People are always available for work in the past tense.
 Zymurgy's Seventh Exception to Murphy's Laws
    When it rains, it pours.
 Murphy's Laws of Thermodynamics:
    1) You can't win
    2) You can't break even
    3) You can't get out of the game
 Murphy's Law of Selective Gravitation
    An object will alway fall where it can do the most damage.
 Murphy's Law of Physics
    A paritcle will always appear where it shouldn't.
 Murphy's law of the Lab
    You will never have the part you need, and will always have 10
    of every part you don't need.
    Given the need for a resistor of M ohms, and N resistors of
    values K1 to Kn, there will be no way to combine them to = M
 Your files will always expand to fill the available tracks.
 The system will always crash when you are over your track limit,
 and have been editing for the last 3 hours.
 There comes a time in the affairs of man when he must take the
 bull by the tail and face the situation -- W. C. Fields
 A man's reach should exceed his grasp.
 A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
 Haste makes waste.
 He who hesitates is lost.
 Above all, to thine own self be true.
 When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
 It is never too late to learn.
 You can't teach an old dog new tricks.
 Good things come in small packages.
 The bigger, the better.
 There is no point in beating a dead horse.
 If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
 He who hesitates is lost.
 Act in haste, repent at leisure.
 (Look before you leap.)
 Two is company, three is a crowd.
 The more, the merrier.
 ...do it well or not at all.
 Half a loaf is better than none.
 Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
 Better safe than sorry.
 Never judge a book by its cover.
 Clothes make the man.
 Out of sight, out of mind.
 Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
 Many hands make light work.
 Too many cooks spoil the broth.
 Never send a boy to do a man's job.
 ...and a little child shall lead them.
 Actions speak louder than words.
 The pen is mightier than the sword.
 Never change horses in mid-stream.
 Variety is the spice of life.
 Silence is golden.
 The squeaky wheel gets the grease.
 Practice makes perfect.
 All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
 A penny saved is a penny earned.
 The love of money is the root of all evil.
 There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid
 the real labor of thinking.
 Be kindly affectionated one to another
 It's much easier to ride a horse the way he is going.
 Belladonna: In Italian, a beautiful lady; in English a deadly poison.
 A striking example of the essential identity of the two tongues.
 (A. Bierce)
 Bigot: One who is obstinately and zealously attached to an opinion
 that you do not entertain. (A. Bierce)
 Bore: A person who talks when you wish him to listen.  (A. Bierce)
 Cabbage: A familiar kitchen-garden vegetable about as large and
 as wise as a man's head.  (A. Bierce)
 Clairvoyant: A person, commonly a woman, who has the power of seeing
 that which is invisible to her patron - namely, that he is a blockhead.
 (A. Bierce)
 Education: That which discloses to the wise and disguises from the
 foolish their lack of understanding.  (A. Bierce)
 Inventor:  A person who makes an ingenious arrangement of wheels,
 levers and springs, and believes it civilization.  (A. Bierce)
 Logic:  The art of thinking and reasoning in strict accordance with
 the limitations and incapacities of the human misunderstanding.  (A. Bierce)
 Mayonnaise:  One of the sauces which serve the French in place of
 a state religion.  (A. Bierce)
 Optimism:  The doctrine that everything is beautiful, including what
 is ugly, everything good, especially the bad, and everything right that
 is wrong. ... It is hereditary, but fortunately not contagious. (A. Bierce)
 A poet who reads his verse in public may have other
 bad habits.
 Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
 Natural laws have not pity.
 Never try to outstubborn a cat
 The only difference between the fool and the criminal who attacks
  a system is that the fool attacks unpredictably and
  on a broader front.
 Virtue is its own reward, but then so is sin!
 We're all bozos on this bus - Firesign Theater
 We're dumber than we look.
 Everything you know is wrong.
 Why does the porridge bird lay her egg in the air?
 You don't understand how radio works. All you have to do is
 fade your voice down and queue the organist.
 We have met the enemy and he is us. - Pogo
 Please engage brain before setting mouth into motion.
 Mumble.
 You don't need a weatherman to tell which way the wind blows. - Bob Dylan
 Nintey per cent of everything is Garbage. - P. Sturgeon
 There is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to
   conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead
   in the introduction of a new order to things. - N. Machiavelli
 Let's look at the record. - Al Smith
 Non illigitum carburundum est. (Don't let the bastards grind you down)
 A man without a God is like a fish without a bicycle.
 The confidence of ignorance will always overcome indecision of knowledge.
 One man's bug is another man's feature
 He who join nudist club pay no cover charge.
 Candy is dandy, but sex won't rot your teeth.
 Candy is dandy, but liquor is quicker.
 Don't vote, it only encourages them.
 Vote for Harris, McCarthy and Prop 14.

                01/10/88
    THE ATLANTA BULLETIN BOARD LIST
              Revision #15
            (Long Version)
     Copyright (c) 1988, OAS, Inc.

        This edition compiled by
       Tim Farley & Ralph Infanti

             Official list
                of the
 Organization of Atlanta Sysops, Inc.

All  known public access bulletin board systems   in  the   toll-free   Atlanta
dialing  area  (404) are shown in  this list.  This file is named ABBL-15L.TXT.
The short version  (i.e.  ABBL-15S.TXT) contains  the  same  system  names  and
numbers,  but  with a  short,  one-line entry  for each system.   As an attempt
is  made to keep this one of  the  most current  local BBS lists offered in the
U.S.,  a request is made to remove  all old  copies  from your  system.  Please
pass this list along freely!

LISTING FORMAT:
<full name of board> ...................................... <phone#> <a>
   <sysop name>; <machine>; <bbs software>; (<b>;<s>;<p>);
   <A long description of the system>. (<city>) (<verification>)

ACCESS: <a> is the access information:
        =  Open access
     R  =  Registration required
     $  =  Donation/payment required.

BAUD RATES: <b> is the baud rate code:
     3 = 300     B = 1200    C = 2400
     F = FastComm 9600
     U = USR HST 9600        M = MNP
     H = Hayes 9600

STORAGE, PROTOCOLS:
     <s>  is  approximate disk  storage online, like 10M for 10 Meg.
     <p> are file transfer protocols:
     X = Xmodem,    C = Xmodem CRC,  Y = Ymodem,  B = Ymodem Batch,
     G = Ymodem G,  W = WXmodem,     Z = Zmodem,
     K = Kermit,    T = Telink,      P = Punter (C-64)

VERIFICATION <v> of systems:
     V  =  Verified
     B  =  Busy
     NA =  No Answer
     NN =  New phone Number

TERMINAL PARAMETERS:
      All  systems  are  8-N-1  (i.e. 8 data bits, no parity, 1 stop bit).
      If (7-E-1) is seen,  set up for 7 data bits and even parity.

HOURS:
      All system 24hrs/day, unless note mentions otherwise.
      W/D = Weekdays.   W/E =  Weekends (Saturday & Sunday)

======================================================================
[ Section 1. OAS Members:
[ These adhere to OAS Standards.

Adam-IBM Connection ....................................... 424-6258
   Scott Earley; IBM PC-XT; PC Board; (3BC;30M;XCY); The nation's
   first BBS exclusively for Coleco Adam users now also supports
   IBM PC's and compatibles. Three sub-boards. Downloads for
   CP/M, ADAM and IBM. Formerly Adam SmartLink. (Marietta)
   (V:01/01)
Atlanta Macintosh Users Group BBS (AMUG BBS) .... 972-3389, 985-0265 R$
   Ron Patterson; PC-XT clone; PC Board; (3BC;85M;XCY);
   Macintosh ONLY supported. Up/downloads. Official BBS of
   Atlanta Mac Users Group. First line is open to public, second
   is members only. (Norcross) (V:01/01)
Atlanta Chatline .......................................... 922-2428 R$
   Bill Noel; Apple //e; custom?; (3;N;N); 6-line Chat program in
   24-hour operation.  Must register to use. Send $1.00 fee for
   temporary password, plus name, address, phone and age to: The
   Booth, P.O. Box 80425, Conyers, GA  30208. Checks to Bill
   Noel. (Conyers) (V:01/01)
Atlanta Connection #1  (133/205) .......................... 929-0800 R
   Bill Noel; IBM PC clone; TBBS; (3BC;11M;?); Multiple adult and
   teen message bases, private mail, large national and
   specialized BBS lists. One of Atlanta's longest continually
   active BBS's as well as one of the most active.  Second and
   third line are $15 per year. (Conyers) (V:01/01)
Austell Georgia RBBS-PC ................................... 944-0826
   Dave Howard; Tandy 3000HD; RBBS-PC; (3BCF;30M;XCK); IBM PC's
   and compatibles only.  Running on Fastcomm 2496 high speed
   modem which supports up to 19,200 baud. (Austell) (B:01/08)
AV-Sync Atlanta ........................................... 320-6202 R$
   Bill Tullis; IBM PC-AT; PC Board; (3BC;400M;XCYG); The LOGICAL
   exchange for video, audio, post-production and broadcast
   engineering professionals.  Audio, video, film, RF & FCC
   issues.  By subscription.  4 nodes online. File support for
   IBM, Apple and MIDI users. (Atlanta) (V:01/07)
Big Peach BBS ............................................. 446-6650
   Marshall Magee; IBM PC; PC Board; (BC;?;XCYG); Home of
   Automenu(tm), the Software Management System; and Southeastern
   Distribution point for Shareware.  Shareware ONLY in files
   section, NO Public Domain.  Shareware authors conference,
   Automenu user support. (Norcross) (V:01/01)
Bill's Obsession BBS ...................................... 377-2550
   William Erickson; IBM PC; RBBS-PC; (3BC;?;XC); For IBM and
   compatible computer users. Many conferences, including
   CLONEIT, EXPLORE, FORUM, FAITH, GAMES, JOBS, JOKES,
   PROGRAMMING, SF, SHOPPER and the infamous MAX. (Decatur)
   (V:01/01)
Birds Nest BBS ............................................ 751-0252
   Tom Henn; Tandy 1000HD; ?; (3B;10M;?); For Tandy 1000 &
   MS-DOS. Sister board to The Right Place. Dedicated to the
   common exchange of Knowledge, Help and Ideas. (Alpharetta)
   (V:01/04)
Centurion BBS,  (133/302) ................................. 296-9681
   Steve Antonoff; IBM PC; Opus; (3BCUM;80M;XCYGSZ); Run By
   Centurion Software Corp. Regional and National EchoMail groups
   online.  Support of Centurion Software products including
   CSCSTOCK and PP. (Stone Mountain) (V:01/01)
Cider City ................................................ 446-9048 R
   Steve Park; Apple //e; GBBS Pro; (3BCH;10M;X); Apple &
   Macintosh supported in multiple bases. Many message bases
   supported. (Norcross) (NN:01/09)
The Corner Drug Store ..................................... 422-1060
   Joe Skehan; PC clone; PC Board; (3BC;20M;XCYG); For U.S. Micro
   customers, Novell NetWare users wanting software updates and
   technical bulletins, and for the general public.  IBM-PC
   oriented. (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
Data-World BBS ............................................ 289-2050
   Jim Foust - WB4LBM; IBM-PC; PC Board; (3BC;20M;XCY); HAM
   radio, CP/M and MS-DOS.  Conferences include Personal
   (customers only), SwapShop, Sysops and Christian.  Bible verse
   of the day online. (Decatur) (V:01/01)
Decibel BBS ............................................... 288-6858 R$
   Tom Brady; PC-Clone; T-Comm; (3BCUM;200M;XCYZK); System open
   to all. Release point for newest NUBYE and NUKMD programs.
   Dealer for US Robotics modems, hard disk drives, Z-80 clocks,
   etc.  Interested in CP/M, MS-DOS and all computer related
   subjects.  15,000+ files online! (Decatur) (V:01/01)
Donovan's Reef ............................................ 642-4690
   Jacob Donovan; Apple //e; GBBS Pro; (3B;10M;?); Teen-oriented.
   (Woodstock) (V:01/10)
The Electronic Auto Trader BBS ............................ 633-2886
   Barney Cortell; Beltron PC; RBBS-PC; (3B;30M;XCY); Buy, sell,
   trade autos and other vehicles.  Search by make, model, cost,
   year, color and milage.  Do comparison shopping without
   reading the paper or making multiple phone calls! (Atlanta)
   (V:01/01)
Fantasia's Forest ......................................... 762-1471
   Fantasia; IBM; custom JJABBS; (3B;?;XC); Conversation-oriented
   (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
Fido of the South (Fidonet #3) (Fido 133/2) ............... 448-0686
   Lane Fowler; IBM PC-AT; Fido; (3B;40M;XCKT); Largest Kaypro
   and Commodore files sections in Atlanta area. Official BBS of
   Stone Mountain Commodore Users' Group. Member of Fidonet
   system. Open access. (Lawrenceville) (B:01/08)
FTL BBS ................................................... 292-8761
   Robert S. Vostreys; Tandy 1200; PC Board; (3B;10M;XCYG);
   Science fiction, gaming.  TradeWars and Diplomacy doors
   online.  Conferences include Tech/Science, SF & Games, Trivia
   Zone, Diplomacy and Advanced Dungeons & Dragons. (Stone
   Mountain) (V:01/01)
Garden of Eden ............................................ 445-0723 R
   Sherman Murdock; IBM PC-XT; Nochange; (3B;20M;?); Major
   support for ADAM and IBM computers. Online games. (Dallas)
   (V:01/01)
Georgia BBS ..................................... 457-6815, 454-7394
   Joe White; Turbo XT; PC Board; (3BCUM;62M;XCY); IBM and
   compatibles only! Thousands of files available. Graphics
   supported. 3 conferences: Advertisements, Games and Sysops.
   All system is open access, except for Sysops conference.
   (Atlanta) (V:01/07)
Gonzoland ................................................. 974-1521
   Jim McAnally; IBM; RBBS-PC; (3B;?;?); General, Adult sections
   (Acworth) (V:01/01)
The Head-Board III ........................................ 394-8327
   Iverson Bell, M.D.; Franklin Ace 1000; GBBS II; (3;286K;X);
   Dedicated to "thoughtware". Groups include Poetry, Group
   Support, Complaints and an anonymous section. No General
   Files, Games or Downloads! (Decatur) (V:01/01)
Input/Output Connection ................................... 446-8044 R
   Ken & Jim Mauragus; Atari; Forem; (3BC;1M;?); Atari 8, 16 bit
   computers, but all welcome. Six message bases, downloads.
   (Norcross) (V:01/01)
The Index System I  (133/201) ............................. 951-1540 R$
   Rodney A. Aloia; PC?; TBBS; (3BC;5M;XC); Email, movie reviews,
   national & local BBS lists, and more. Specializes in Tandy &
   Apple, but has bases for CoCo and others. Also Electronic
   shopping mall, Ads, Movie reviews, etc.  A Division of R&R
   Enterprises. (Atlanta) (V:01/07)
ISIS (Intecolor Support Information System) ............... 446-6931
   George Price; IBM PC; PC Board; (B;12M;XCY); Intecolor
   customers only, please. Run by Intecolor tech support group.
   Manual updates, tech info, news, product updates, tech
   support, and a focal point for Intecolor users.  Up/downloads
   available. For registered owners. (Norcross) (V:01/01)
JOBBS! .................................................... 992-8937
   William Griffin; PC-Clone; custom FoxBase; (3B;16M;N);
   Country's first BBS devoted to job listings. Specializes in
   job searches for professionals. Company has contacts in 12
   southeastern states. STC Subscriber (BBH715). Alpha Systems,
   Inc. 1510 Oakfield, Roswell, GA  30075 (Roswell) (V:01/01)
Jodeco House BBS .......................................... 478-7761
   Beth & Bob Jarvis; IBM clone; Forem PC; (3BC;20M;LL); All
   visitors welcome. Supports MS-DOS, 8 and 16-bit Atari.
   Conferences include Stately Oaks, 8 bit Atari, MS-DOS,
   Southside User Group, Atari ST, Sci-Fi, For Sale and Forum.
   (Jonesboro) (V:01/01)
Kasper's TI ............................................... 939-0526
   Stephen Kasper; TI 99/4a; custom; (3;?;?); (7-E-1) TI-99's and
   general.  40 columns. (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
Le Chateau ................................................ 593-2828
   Lady Morgana; Atari 320XE; BBS Express; (3B;760K;X); Adult
   Sections, General, Politics/religion, Music, books/movies,
   Sports/Games, Text downloads ONLY, Handles allowed. (Lithonia)
   (NN:01/08)
Main Street BBS ........................................... 924-8593
   Jolinda Cooper; IBM PC; PC Board; (3B;?;XCY); All welcome.
   Conferences include:  Curmudgeon's Conference, Library, Music
   Room, Bar, VIP table, Parlor and Technical.  Still under
   construction. (Woodstock) (V:01/01)
Milo's Meadow ............................................. 972-3458
   Mike Sirmans; IBM PC; RBBS-PC; (3BC;20M;XC); Extensive support
   for most popular programming languages, including C, Turbo
   Pascal, 808x Assembler, BASIC, Forth, Prolog, and other
   interests. Supports ANSI color menus. Formerly "Zap! BBS".
   (Snellville) (V:01/01)
NASPA Systems SE  (133/301) ............................... 441-1431 R
   Robert Weatherford; IBM PC; Fido; (BCH;?;?); Communications,
   National and Local EchoMail areas available. (Norcross)
   (V:01/01)
Nochange #1 ............................................... 641-8270
   Jim Kloss; IBM PC AT; Nochange; (3BC;20M;XCYK); IBM, general.
   Software Developer for Nochange BBS and XChange file transfer
   system.  Customer support provided. (Roswell) (B:01/08)
Norcross RCP/M MBBS ....................................... 921-1116
   Jim Gooch; Datavue 3000 CP/M; MBBS; (3BC;15M;XCY); MBBS:
   public, CP/M: requires question.  Interest in dBaseII, comm
   progs 8 bit .ASM files. (Norcross) (V:01/01)
The OASis ................................................. 288-0547 R
   Tim Farley; Xerox 820-II; ROS; (3BCUM;8M;XCY); Contact
   point for OAS, for both users and sysops in the Atlanta area.
   Discussions of tips, legal issues, news developments.  Text
   files include BBS lists, file transfer protocol documents,
   etc.  All welcome (Decatur) (V:01/09)
One of a Kind BBS ......................................... 455-1271 R
   Douglas Voss; Epson Equity II; PC Board; (3BCUM;91M;XCYG);
   General, MS-DOS/text file. Four public conferences, two
   private. Topics include Sandbox, Politics, Games, Tech, Mercer
   and Sysops.  Several popular Doors online, including
   TradeWars, Chess and Voting. (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
PC-Link ................................................... 921-8108
   James Kerr; IBM PC; PC Board; (3BC;75M;XCY); IBM, user
   supported.  Conferences include: CHRISTIAN, REAL ESTATE,
   SUPPORT, THE MALL, HELP, EGA and RELIGION.  Doors include:
   Weather prediction, Ymodem batch & Zmodem, Darwin national BBS
   search, TradeWars & SafeCracker. (Lilburn) (V:01/01)
Pecan Pi .................................................. 454-8756
   Stan Young & Bill Lamp'l; IBM PC; RBBS-PC; (3BC;40M;XCKY);
   Technically oriented, conferences on algorithms, hardware,
   humor, brain teasers, For Sale. (Doraville) (V:01/01)
The Plexus ................................................ 768-0990 R
   Robert Orr; Sanyo PC-Clone; PC Board; (3BCM;10M;XCY); For
   Sanyo & MS-DOS computers. A service of Microplex, Inc. for its
   customers and others. (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
The Right Place ........................................... 476-2607 R
   Roger Sligar; AT clone; PC Board; (3BCUM;142M;XCYZ); PC/MS-DOS
   uploads and downloads, specializing in utilities. General
   interest.  Technical help from Sysop, several message bases.
   French language support. (Duluth) (V:01/01)
The Rock 'N' Roll Party ................................... 982-0960
   Tricia Hudson, B. Helbush; PC XT; PC Board; (3B;20M;XCY); For
   Broadcasting professionals and their audiences. Welcome!
   Featuring Radio, News, Music, Art, Tech and "Looking for
   Trouble" (adult) conferences. No files. Graphics-oriented as
   well. (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
Sharp Electronics EBS Div. Tech Support Line .............. 962-1788 R
   Gary Meeker; Sharp PC 7100; PC Board; (3B;30M;XCY); Technical
   support. Conferences:  PC Magazine, PC-Tech, Languages,
   General, Sharp employees, users of Sharp Personal Computers.
   (Lawrenceville) (V:01/01)
The Software Shop #1 ...................................... 964-4483
   Billy Brand; Kaypro 286i; PC Board; (3BC;64M;XCYG); General,
   IBM, Door games, liberal time limits (Fayetteville) (V:01/01)
The Software Shop BBS ..................................... 968-1826 R$
   Robert Pierce; IBM AT; PC Board; (3BC;65M;XCYG); IBM &
   compatibles welcome, doors available. (Forest Park) (V:01/01)
The Swamp (133/304) ....................................... 447-6403
   Kris Fussell; IBM PC; Opus; (3BCUM;60M;XCYTK); IBM, Atari ST
   and Macintosh computers supported online. (Norcross) (V:01/01)
TJ's Place BBS .................................. 392-1756, 394-1756 R$
   Jimmy Lehmkuhl; IBM PC; PC Board; (3BC;60M;XCY); IBM oriented.
    All sysops welcome: sysops conference online. First line
   public, second one private. Mail registration required for
   full access: $25.00 per year. (Dunwoody) (V:01/01)
True Blue BBS ............................................. 987-5235 R
   Fred McClaren; IBM-PC; PC Board; (BC;?;?); General interest
   with several message bases including: IBM, Network, Sysops,
   Tech, Ads, Investor, TV/Movies, Sports, Files.  Node #19 of
   the national PCBoard EchoMail network. (Panola) (V:01/01)
Westfield Express BBS ..................................... 435-8122 R
   Mark Gill; Tandy 1000 SX; PC Board; (BC;42M;XCY); For Tandy
   systems (i.e. 1000, 1000HD, etc...) Sysops conference. Mail
   registration only. BBS program uploads and downloads available
   to verified users only. Donations allow extra time online.
   (Smyrna) (V:01/01)

----------------------------------------------------------------------
[ Section 2. NEW Since last list:

The AERODROME ............................................. 822-0620 R$
   PILOT; Amiga; BBS-PC; (3BC;65M;XCYKZ); Supporting the
   Commodore Amiga.  Trial period of 2 weeks, then $10 per year
   required for access.  Message bases include: General,
   Programmers, Problems-Solutions, Hardware, For-Sale. (?)
   (V:01/09)
The Afterglow BBS ......................................... 975-3875
   Dr. DeMento; Apple //e; GBBS Pro; (3B;286K;N); General, adult,
   singles and teen sections. Message oriented, with gaming.
   Message areas include General, Shopping, Flea Market, Adult,
   Game, Teens and Singles. (Emerson) (V:01/07)
Alpha Complex ............................................. 451-7820
   The Computer & The Magi; Atari ST; BBS Express; (3B;?;?);
   Atari.  Exchange of info, files. (Atlanta?) (V:01/07)
The Amiga Vortex .......................................... 395-9736 R
   ?; Amiga; BBS-PC; (3BC;?;?); For members of Amiga Atlanta,
   Inc. and selected vendors.  3+ message bases. (Atlanta)
   (V:01/09)
Arrow Action Line ......................................... 662-0732
   Rick Ruhl; IBM; PC Board; (3BCUM;?;XCY); Customer support for
   Arrow Electronics, Inc.  Conferences include Programmers,
   Sharp Portable, Hardware, Altos, and Desktop Publishing.
   (Norcross) (V:01/07)
The Atlanta Exchange ...................................... 921-4395 R
   Ken Cherry; PC clone; PC Board; (BC;?;XCY); IBM PC &
   compatibles software exchange, and DEC home users exchange.
   Message bases for dBase/Clipper, Greene's corner, Atlanta
   Drive Services, JCI Battery, and Sysops. (Lilburn) (V:01/09)
CHEROKEE  (133/102) ....................................... 928-1429 R
   Ken Shackelford; IBM PC-AT; Opus; (3BC;40M;XCYKT); Message
   oriented system, sister system to ATLGATE, 133/100.
   Metro-Atlanta FidoNet BackBone Collection/Distribution system.
   31 message areas including local and national EchoMail
   groups. (Woodstock) (V:01/07)
The Computer Connector .................................... 928-5659
   The Professor; 9am-4pm, 9pm-8am; Corona PC; PC Board; (3B;10M;XC);
   Technically oriented support board, with product information,
   repair sources, do-it-yourself projects,  etc.  Conferences
   include: Tech Notebook,  Programmer's Haven, Shopper's Guide.
   Soon moving to 386 with 50M drive. (Acworth) (V:01/08)
The Conference System BBS ................................. 433-0689 R$
   Jimmy Dingess; IBM; PC Board; (3BC;31M;XCYZ); Conference
   oriented IBM system includes areas for Ads, Games, Religion,
   Cars, Politics, Humor, Sports and Sysops.  Optional $12 annual
   fee grants higher access.  Sysop priviledges extended.
   ProDoor downloads available. (Smyrna) (V:01/08)
The Education Center ...................................... 924-7963 R
   Michael Austin; IBM; PC Board; (3BC;?;XCY); Explorer Post 036
   BBS.  Everyone welcome, especially from other explorer posts.
   Additional access for $5 donation.  Conferences: Hobbies,
   Programming, Hardware, Science Fiction, ANSI Graphics, Fun
   Spots, Boiler Room. (Woodstock) (V:01/10)
Excalibur BBS ............................................. 879-0319
   Lord British; C-64; C-Net; (B;?;?); No 300 baud. (Stone
   Mountain) (V:01/10)
Fitted Software Tools' Support BBS ........................ 497-0931 R
   ?; PC clone; PC Board; (3BC;?;XCY); Private BBS to distribute
   FST's ShareWare products, and to provide support and updates
   to users.  New users can only download the shareware product.
   BIX conference, Association ShareWare Professionals member.
   (Duluth) (V:01/08)
Heavenly Pleasures ........................................ 289-8058
   Pleasure; Atari 130XE; BBS Express; (3;320K;X); Adult ONLY,
   Multiple message bases, Text downloads only, Handles Allowed.
   (Decatur) (V:01/08)
The Invisible BBS ......................................... 993-5310 R$
   Dick Caliendo; PC Clone; PC Board; (BC;42M;XCYZWK); IBM
   compatibles-oriented.  No games.  Conferences include sysops,
   ads.  Members can be registered for $20.00. (Marietta)
   (V:01/09)
JoKeR's BBS  (133/303) .................................... 894-5784 R
   J. Kenneth Riviere; 5:30pm-8am, 24hrs W/E; IBM; Opus; (3BC;?;XCYZKT);
   Comic book collectors.  FidoNet EchoMail available. (Atlanta)
   (V:01/08)
The Main Line ............................................. 294-8738 R
   ?; C-128; C-Net 128; (3B;500K;XP); C-64, C-128. (Atlanta)
   (V:01/08)
Mountain Park Fido  (133/16) .............................. 587-5792 R
   Warren H. Tucker; IBM?; Fido; (3B;?;XCYKT);   (Mountain Park)
   (V:01/08)
PC-Atlanta  (133/307) ..................................... 381-6975
   Bart Alcorn; IBM?; Opus; (3BCUM;?;XCYKT); Home of STARFLEET
   Atlanta, for fans of Star Trek.  Carries many file and message
   areas.  EchoMail supports the national StarFleet and Star Trek
   EchoMail groups as well as others. (Norcross) (V:01/08)
Programmer's Information Exchange ......................... 928-0033 R$
   Tony Elliott; IBM PC; PC Board; (BC;?;XCYGK); Specializing in
   Microsoft QuickBasic, Pascal and C.  Node 10 of EchoMail
   Network. (Woodstock) (V:01/06)
Smuggler's Haven .......................................... 925-8829
   Red Beard; C-64; C-Net; (3B;?;?); Commodore board.  Affiliated
   with S.M.U.G. and C.U.G.A. (Lilburn) (V:01/07)
The Star Trek Convention .................................. 487-1376 R
   Captain; C-128; C-Net 128; (3B;N;N); Message oriented, with a
   few special-access downloads.  Dedicated solely to fans of the
   TV series Star Trek.  Message areas include: General Quarters,
   Trivia, Entertainment, Conventions, Trading Post, BBS Ads and
   Graphics. (Peachtree City) (V:01/07)
STAR*LIGHT ................................................ 739-1329 R
   Magician Trent; C-64; ?; (3B;?;XP); C-64 oriented.  Both files
   and message bases available. (Riverdale) (V:01/06)
Xystus .................................................... 885-9941
   Tempus; PC; Emulex; (3B;?;?); Role playing, general (Atlanta)
   (V:01/06)

----------------------------------------------------------------------
[ Section 3. Active systems:

99er BBS (Atlanta TI 99/4a Users Group BBS) ............... 991-6250
   James A. Fairchild; TI 99/4a; 99 BBS; (3B;1M;L); TI 99/4a
   users, but all welcome. In support of the TI User's Group of
   Atlanta. Club info on line. Callers must be validated on-line.
   Use 7 bits, even parity, 1 stop bit when calling. (College
   Park) (V:01/01)
Atlanta Computer Society Members BBS ...................... 564-9706
   Joe Novosel; Heath HS-151-20; PC Board; (3BC;20M;XC); Atlanta
   Computer Society Inc's BBS.  Exchange of Public Domain
   software amongst ACS members. Provide message exchange for
   computer users and further the educational and scientific
   purposes of ACS. Coco, OS/9 & 68xxx support. (Atlanta)
   (NN:01/07)
Atlanta TI 99/4a Users Group BBS #1 ....................... 366-1914
   Charles Dupree - WD4MDC; TI-99/4a; TIBBS; (3B;?;L); Atlanta
   99/4a Computer User's Group BBS. TI uploads and downloads,
   club has large program library off-line. Supports TI color
   graphics. Use 7 bits, even parity, 1 stop bit when calling.
   (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
Atlanta Area Pick Users Group BBS ......................... 969-0618 R
   Doug Dumitru; IBM PC?; PC Board; (3B;?;XCY); For users of the
   Pick Operating system on various computers. Five conferences
   include Programmers, Job openings, Industry News, For Sale and
   Service listings. Sponsored by Modular Software Corporation.
   (Union City) (V:01/01)
Atlanta Electronic Service Center BBS ..................... 381-1947 R$
   Mike Sabot; Baby PC-AT; PC Board; (3BCF;300M;XCYG); Supports
   Smart Users Group of Georgia.  Home of the PCBDaily program.
   $20/year for full access. (Lilburn) (V:01/09)
Amos & Andy's ............................................. 448-4554
   Kingfish; IBM PS/2 Mod 25; Nochange; (3BC;20M;?); Dedicated to
   gaming, games on line. (Norcross) (NA:01/07)
Apple Atlanta ............................................. 636-1341 R
   The Stalker; Laser 128; GBBS Pro; (3BC;N;N); Apple & other
   computers.  Multiple message bases. (Decatur) (V:01/01)
ARC BBS ................................................... 393-3083
   ?; ?; ?; (3BC;?;?); Atlanta Ham Radio Club BBS. (Dunwoody)
   (V:01/01)
Atlanta L-5 BBS ........................................... 993-2207 R
   Dan Scheltema; IBM PC?; Fido; (3B;?;XCYT); L-5 Society's local
   electronic contact point. Provides an open forum on issues
   regarding space development, communication between L-5
   members, and electronic communication for local chapter
   business. (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
Atlanta Medical Forum  (133/204) .......................... 351-9757
   Floyd P. Garrett, M.D.; IBM PC?; TBBS; (3BC;20M;N); All
   interested in health care, computers, or mature discussions on
   about any topic. This system has merged with Behavioral
   Medicine Associates BBS. Donations encouraged but not
   required. (Atlanta) (V:01/08)
Atlanta Microplex ......................................... now down R
   Scott Sage; ?; ?; (3BC;?;?); Atari ST & IBM.  All welcome.
   (Tucker) (NA:01/08)
Atlanta On-Line ................................. 928-9675, 928-8201
   Stephen R. Williamson; Six Apple //e's; Let's Talk; (3B;60M;N);
   Six incoming lines, soon to be ten. Menu-driven on-line
   consumer information service (like Compuserve or Source) but
   local and free. Lots of online services.  Member, National
   Data Broadcasting Network. (Woodstock) (V:01/01)
ATLGATE  (133/101) ........................................ 928-1876 R$
   Ken Shackelford; 8 am - 10 pm; IBM PC-AT; Opus; (3BCUM;60M;XCKT);
   Atlanta's oldest IBM BBS, Online since 1982. On-line
   verification, optional $25 yearly donation. Sister board to
   Cherokee, shares same message bases. Over 60 message areas,
   including local, regional & national EchoMail groups
   (Woodstock) (V:01/08)
AST's Engineering & AutoCAD BBS  (133/6) .................. 633-2197
   Steve Fox; IBM PC; Fido; (3B;10M;XCKT); Applied Software
   Technology, Inc.'s, BBS devoted to the Georgia AutoCAD User's
   Group and the ASCE Computer Committee.  8 message bases,
   AutoCAD & other files. Supports FidoNet and EchoMail.
   (Atlanta) (V:01/08)
The Back Seat ............................................. 739-0052 R
   Steven Keller; Apple //; SKBBS+; (3B;289K;N); Social Board, 3
   message bases, handles allowed, creativity encouraged.
   (Austell) (V:01/01)
Bare Bones (133/305) ...................................... 987-3972
   Mike Hancock; IBM?; Opus?; (3BC;?;?); IBM PC-Jr Support
   (Panola) (V:01/01)
Buford Byte Size BBS ...................................... 945-6021
   ?; Atari?; ?; (3B;?;?); Atari.  Sister system to I/O
   Connection. (Buford) (V:01/01)
Byte Connection ........................................... 941-0159 R
   Greg Maddux; Atari 800xl; Forem XL; (3BC;5M;X); All computer
   types welcome. Electronic shopping guide, hundreds of Atari
   downloads available, both 8-bit and for the "ST". (Austell)
   (V:01/02)
Byte Flight  (133/306) .................................... 454-8795 R
   Mark Hulsey; PC Clone; Opus; (BCUM;80M;XCYKT); IBM &
   Compatibles.  15+ message areas including many national
   EchoMail conferences.  Over 15 file areas as well. (Chamblee)
   (V:01/08)
The C & Turbo Exchange .................................... 263-1151
   Paul Kurr; IBM PC-AT; RBBS-PC; (3BC;?;XCK); C & Pascal files
   and message bases relating to Borland products.  Also
   interested in all programming languages.  Conferences on BBS
   design, and a public domain compiler project: OPUS. (Norcross)
   (V:01/01)
Cam's Wildcat House ....................................... 461-5947 R$
   Cam DeBuck; IBM PC?; Wildcat; (BC;?;?); Users register by
   mail.  Unregistered user can call on the 1st through 7th of
   each month, for trial access until the 15th.  Full access is
   $21/year or $15 for 6 months.  Formerly Fayette Genesis.
   (Fayetteville) (V:01/09)
Comm-Adorers BBS .......................................... 422-2250
   Jon Proctor; C-128; custom; (3;?;?); C-64, C-128, general.
   ISOPIA, the BBS is down, but will return as a game program.
   (Marietta) (V:01/09)
Commodore Colorama ........................................ 932-0039
   STRINGBEAn; 5pm-6am; C-64; C-Net; (3B;1.3M;XP); C-64 support.
   Formerly Bean Patch. Will be going to Ribit software soon. 1
   Meg to be added by the time you read this. (Buford) (V:01/04)
ComPro, A Commodore Professional System ................... 943-9648
   Gordon Leslie; C-128; C-Net; (3B;13M;XP); Five message bases,
   five U/D boards.  Commodore hobbyists, mainly. No 300 Baud
   7pm to 11pm. (Powder Springs) (V:01/01)
Comuserve ................................................. 435-6690 R
   Bryan Smith; C-64; custom C-Net 11.0; (3B;11M;P); For serious
   C-64 users only. Access is verified. Affiliated with
   Commodore's Corner boards. Multiple downloads. Assistance with
   programming and interfacing from sysop, who is a Commodore
   technician.  $15.00 one-time fee. (Smyrna) (V:01/01)
Crosstalk Communications BBS .............................. 998-8048
   Maria Forrest, L. Higgins; IBM PC; RBBS-PC; (3BC;?;X); Service
   to users of Crosstalk and other Microstuf products, including
   Infoscope, Transporter and Remote. Open to public, but
   customers get extra time and privileges. (Roswell) (V:01/01)
Crosstalk Communication's Crosstalk Mk.4 BBS .............. 641-1803
   Maria A. Forrest; IBM-PC; PC Board; (3BC;?;XCYG); Support for
   Crosstalk Mk.4 users.  Crosstalk XVI, Transporter and Remote
   users should call the regular Crosstalk Communcations BBS.
   (Roswell) (V:01/01)
Crystal Palace ............................................ 299-5511 R$
   Jon Carr; Apple II; GBBS II; (3BC;?;?); Seven message bases
   plus E-mail.  Must register by mail: call system for form and
   address to mail to. (Decatur) (V:01/01)
Dallas RBBS ............................................... 443-2421
   Dave Bailey, J. Campbell; IBM; RBBS-PC; (3BC;30M;XC); IBM
   system (Douglasville) (V:01/01)
Digit's ................................................... 925-0361
   Loone; C-64?; C-Net; (3B;?;?); C-64. (Lilburn) (V:01/01)
Dim_Sum  (133/5) .......................................... 881-0658
   ?; IBM PC; Fido; (3B;?;?); Online magazine, EECAD, Fidonet
   support. (Atlanta) (NA:01/08)
Discovery BBS ............................................. 427-6871
   ?; 9:30am-11:30pm; C-128; C-Net 128; (3B;340K;XP);
   (Marietta) (NA:01/08)
E/T's BBS ................................................. 962-8477
   E/T; IBM PC; Emulex; (3BC;?;?); Apple, Commodore and other
   sub-boards. (Lawrenceville) (V:01/01)
Express Lane .............................................. 564-3688
   ?; ?; ?; (3B;?;?); Go ATASCII, Online Quest. (Lilburn)
   (V:01/02)
Flagship Express RBBS ........................... 934-4515, 934-4517 R$
   F. Huggins & H. Pierce; IBM PC-AT; PC Board; (BC;60M;XCY);
   Second phone for paying users only. IBM's & compatibles only.
   Free mail registration, but $30/yr for extended access. ANSI
   Color Graphics. Over 1500 files on line. Five conferences
   include: Aviation, Games, Sysops, Classified (Stone Mountain)
   (V:01/01)
Flash Backs ............................................... 975-0806
   ?; ?; ?; (3B;?;?); Into 60's Music.  No downloads. (Acworth)
   (V:01/02)
Ham's BBS ................................................. 363-1640
   Larry M. Lord - WA4CBT; TI99/4a; TIBBS; (3BC;?;L); HAM
   oriented, mainly for TI users, but all welcome.  National
   TIBBS list online.  Hamfest listings online.  Special TI
   protocol needed for downloads.  Use 7 bits, even parity, 1
   stop bit when calling. (Forest Park) (V:01/01)
Heath/Zenith BBS .......................................... 252-4345 R
   Al Kuntzler; Zenith ZW-158-42; PC Board; (3B;10M;XC); Publicly
   accessible message base, members of HUG-GA get access to
   download areas as well. Color graphics support. Sponsored by
   Heath/Zenith Computer Store #22. (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
Illumi-Net ................................................ 377-1141
   Ron Bonds; ?; ?; (3B;?;?); Paranormal, magic, etc.
   (Decatur) (V:01/01)
In-Sight Financial Bulletin Board Service ................. 455-4707 R
   Gerald Edwards; IBM PC; PC Board; (3BC;?;?); BBS is devoted to
   Financial awareness.  Free access for 15 minutes per day, but
   pay for additional time. All users must register by mail.
   (Chamblee) (V:01/01)
The Index System II   (133/202) ........................... 991-3569 $
   Rory J. Didas; ?; TBBS; (3B;?;?); INformation and Data
   EXchange System II.  For Amiga-owners. Affiliated with Amiga
   Atlanta, Inc.  FidoNet EchoMail support. (Morrow) (V:01/08)
The Information Shoppe .................................... 288-7535
   Steve & Bill Tuttle; Macintosh 512e; Red Ryder Host; (3B;20M;XC);
   Apple II & Macintosh support only. General, Technical,
   Macintosh & Adventure message bases.  Users must be verified
   for access.  System provided by Imaginetic Neovision.  Online
   magazine "Visions" for downloading. (Decatur) (V:01/01)
Kink Link ................................................. 242-6813 R
   David Tidwell; 7pm-7am M-F, 24 hrs W/E; Tandy/IBM; ?; (3;20M;N);
   Adult BBS.  Associated with "Georgia Socials". (Norcross)
   (V:01/01)
The Labyrinth ST .......................................... 594-0700 R
   King Minos; Atari ST; Forem ST; (3BC;?;?); Atari ST computer
   users.  Semi private system.  Formerly ST Black Forest.
   (Roswell) (V:01/09)
The Lair .................................................. 995-0847 R
   Dark; IBM; RBBS-PC; (3B;?;XCWK); IBM, Adult section (Buford)
   (V:01/08)
Lockheed Amateur Radio Club (LARC) BBS .................... 949-0687
   George Carrier - KA4ENY; IBM PC; PC Board; (3BC;450K;XCY);
   Oriented toward HAM radio enthusiasts. Cosysop: Joe White.
   (Douglasville) (V:01/01)
mAdHoUsE .................................................. 964-3043
   Lanny Finch; Atari 320xe; ATABBS Rv mH; (3B;380K; );
   "Atlanta's full-time happy hour"  Accepts new adult uers with
   mail application. Send name, address, phone no, and proof of
   age over 18 to: mAdHoUsE, 4385 Melanie Lane, College Park, GA
   30349 (College Park) (V:01/01)
Match-80 .................................................. 972-7947 R$
   Ruth Greene; ?; DYM; (3B;?;?); Social introductions.  Log on
   for registration information.  Has SIGS for Jokes, Food &
   Drink, Music, TRS-80, MS-DOS, Parapsychology, and much more,
   plus several private SIGS. (Snellville) (V:01/01)
Mel-Har-Rhythm BBS ........................................ 378-4410
   Lee F. Blitch; 7 pm-7 am; Kaypro 16; RBBS-PC; (3B;720K;X);
   Supports Kaypro 8 & 16 bit machines, and TRS CoCo. Uploads and
   downloads for these accessible on second call. CoCo conference
   supported. (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
Molecular Magic BBS ....................................... 995-5287
   ?; ?; ?; (3BC;?;?); Apple // and Macintosh. (Lawrenceville)
   (V:01/01)
Mournblade BBS ............................................ 292-9691
   ?; ?; ?; (3B;?;?); Online quests (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
Omni Connection ........................................... 971-5297
   Vaughn Cato; Midnight- noon; TRS-80 CoCo; custom; (3;330K;N);
   Seventeen message bases and special interest groups. Six
   online games  with a "Points system" allowing users to compete
   for higher access, etc. Donation grants extended time/access.
   Verification required for game access. (Marietta) (V:01/02)
The Order Board ........................................... now down
   Tom Whelan; ?; ?; (3B;?;?);   (Acworth) (NA:01/01)
OS9 BBS ................................................... 446-5630
   Jesse Crapo; TRS-80 CoCo, OS/9; custom; (3;?;?); BBS set up
   for use of the Atlanta Robotics Special Interest Group of the
   Atlanta Computer Society.  Uploads/downloads available.
   (Duluth) (NA:01/08)
PC Exchange BBS ........................................... 977-6686
   Mike Simmons; IBM PC; PC Board; (3BC;20M;XCY); General, all
   welcome. Voice verification required. Sponsored by Northside
   Computer Supplies in Norcross. Optional $10.00 donation earns
   extra time. (Marietta) (V:01/01)
PC Forum, Atlanta ......................................... 294-0237 $
   Lee Nelson; IBM PC; PC Board; (3BC;10M;XCY); IBM-PC Only! Paid
   system for corporate and university based IBM-PC &
   PC-compatible users. Over 2500 files available.  Costs $35/yr
   to join. (Stone Mountain) (V:01/01)
PC Plus Bulletin Board Service ............................ 762-0923
   Jerry Frost; IBM PC?; PC Board; (3BC;?;XCYG); IBM-PC,
   Conferences on dBase, Sysops, Airline pilots, games,
   programmers. Mark Gill and Todd Moritz are co-sysops.
   (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
Atlanta PC Users Group BBS ...................... 433-0062, 433-2427 R$
   Bob Nye; IBM PC-XT; PC Board; (3BC;10M;XCY); PC
   User's Group information and support. Sponsored by
   MicroTronics of Atlanta. First line public, open access.
   Second line is registered for members and the public.
   (Atlanta) (V:01/08)
Psychedelic Psystem / Western Horizons .................... 956-7197
   ?; ?; ?; (3BC;?;?); Two systems in one.  Psychedelic Psystem
   uses real names, and features Programming/Technical
   discussions.  Westtern Horizons uses handles, and features
   Games/Music/teens discussions. (Smyrna) (V:01/10)
Psychology Online ......................................... 252-8810 R
   D.B. Adams, PhD; PC Clone; PC Board; (3BC;?;XCY); Conference
   oriented, well respected nationally. Run by a practicing
   psychologist. (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
SA-ARC BBS ................................................ 449-2029
   ?; ?; ?; (3B;?;?);   (Norcross) (V:01/04)
South Atlanta Mini Board (SAMBo) .......................... 766-7639
   Richard Logan; Tandy M-100, 32K; Tele-msg 100; (3;2DVI;?);
   "World's smallest BBS" specializes in Tandy model 100, NEC
   8201 and similar laptops, though all computers welcome. (Model
   100's: set to M7I1E) (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
ShareWare South BBS ....................................... 378-7914
   Steve Rohrer; IBM PC?; RBBS-PC; (3B;?;XCKYW); HAM radio, SWL's
   and electronic enthusiasts are encouraged to call.  Operates
   under DoubleDOS.  Conferences include SWL, Communications,
   PC-Jr, ShareWare News, and Tech. (Decatur) (V:01/08)
The Software Link ......................................... 263-8772
   Rod Roark; IBM PC; MLBBS; (3BC;?;X); For IBM'S w/Multi-Link.
   Technical news and assistance for customers of The Software
   Link, Inc. Primarily intended for customers, but visitors
   welcome. (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
Southern Connection   (133/203) ........................... 446-6269 $
   Steve Verska; TRS-80; TBBS; (3BC;10M;XC); Supports TRS-80's,
   MS-DOS, Timex computers. Georgia Tech student section.
   Limited free access to public: full access to those who join
   the club and pay the $15.00.  FidoNet EchoMail support.
   (Norcross) (V:01/01)
System One ................................................ 389-3935
   ?; ?; ?; (3B;?;?); Atari ST (Stockbridge) (V:01/01)
The System Support Bulletin Board System .................. 261-1312 R
   Barry Young; Tandy 1000; Forum-PC; (3BC;?;?); This is a public
   bulletin board system intended to help Sysops and Users
   needing computer help.  NOT to be used for any illegal
   purposes or lurking. (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
TELCOM80 .................................................. 995-0144
   Everett L. Stowe, Jr.; TRS-80 Model 4; custom Greene; (3B;5M;X);
   Supports TRS models 1,3,4,100,200,CoCo and MS-DOS. Official
   BBS of the TRS-80 Users' Group of Atlanta, Ltd. Some Ham info
   too. Use 7 bits, even parity. (Lawrenceville) (V:01/08)
Third World InfoNet ....................................... 758-8498 R
   Paul Roberts; Atari 800xl; BBS Express; (3BC;65M;?); For Atari
   users. Upload/Downloads available. (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
Track Meet ................................................ 941-7084
   ?; ?; ?; (3BC;?;?);   (Austell) (V:01/01)
Victims BBS 4.0 ........................................... 294-5924 $
   ?; C-64; C-Net; (3B;?;?); VICtims club BBS, open to members
   only, and to those interested in joining. Group is devoted to
   C-64 & C-128 computers. Club is $10/yr, with BBS an extra
   $10/yr.  Log on and read General files for more info.
   (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
Atlanta VM/370 User Board ................................. 378-7046
   Mark Horton; IBM PC-AT; RBBS-PC; (3BC;64M;XC); Purpose is to
   disseminate VM/370 and VM/SP knowledge, primarily to VM system
   programmers, but also to anyone interested in the furtherance
   of VM. (Atlanta) (V:01/01)
The Wading Pool BBS ....................................... 452-0956 $
   Chris Wade; 9pm-5am WD, 24 hrs Sat; IBM PC; PC Board; (3B;?;XCY);
   Closed on Sundays.  No handles, please. Conferences include
   Sysops, Infocom, Programmers, Games, SF, Quest.  Supporting
   users can pay an annual fee for extended access. (Doraville)
   (V:01/09)
Wimsey (Moonstone) ........................................ 255-8646
   Bill White; IBM PC-XT; custom; (3B;?;?); Interactive text
   fantasy game online (Sandy Springs) (V:01/01)

======================================================================
[ Section 4. Dead systems:

Atari Express!                          Audio Lab of GA
Changing Domain (Jimmy Traylor)         Emory Univ. GT-BBS
Green Nebula BBS (Erick Kobres)         HAF/MD - BBS (Hal Franklin, II, M.D.)
IT BBS of Atlanta (Leroy Williams)      Lurker's Lair (Larry the Lurker)
Marietta BBS (Lamar Hawkins)            Micro Music MIDI
Pilot Exchange (The Pilot)              RAM-Page! (Gary Pearcey)
Real Time (Dan Coy)                     ScholarQuest BBS (Louis Hlad)
Starship! (Karate Kid)                  TIBBS Atlanta (Ralph Fowler - N4NEQ)
Valrost
----------------------------------------------------------------------
   Currently active systems:   146
   Private systems not listed:  13
   Inactive systems listed:     17
                      ------------
                        TOTAL: 176
======================================= =======================================

COPYRIGHT  (c) 1988 by OAS,  Inc.  This list  is a compilation prepared by  the
authors  who reserve all rights  except as  follows:  This list may  be  freely
given away but may not be,  in whole OR IN  PART,  sold;  used or published  in
written,  electronic, or any other form for any COMMERCIAL purpose; included in
any  product,  package  or  publication sold  commercially;  or included online
on  any  pay-access basis  without  the express  express written permission  of
the authors.  We prefer that you do not post modified versions of this list.

DISCLAIMER: Please note that listing of a   system   does  not  constitute   an
endorsement.  Neither the compilers  of this    list,    those    posting    or
distributing  it,  nor  the OAS or  its members  will be held  responsible  for
any  activities taking place on  boards listed   or   the   nature,   contents,
copyright  status  or legality  of  any programs  or other materials accessible
on them.

UPDATES:   Please  use  the   following contact  information for corrections to
this list.  Prompt reporting results in a  more  accurate  list.   Help  us  to
publicize your BBS for you.

By modem: The OASis
          (404) 288-0547, 24 hours,
          300/1200/2400/9600 USR HST

By mail:  OAS, Inc.
          P.O. Box 561
          Decatur, GA 30031-0561

--------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------

              End of List
