Q:  What's the difference between a teacher and a train?
A:  A teacher says "no chewing" and a train says "choo-choo"!

Q:  What do you call a lion tamer who sticks his right arm down a lion's
    throat?
A:  Lefty!

Q:  What happens if you don't pay your exorcist?
A:  You get repossessed!

Q:  What kind of quiz do you give to a criminal?
A:  A con test!

Q:  Why aren't elephants allowed on beaches?
A:  They can't keep their trunks up!

Q:  What do you get when you cross a baseball player with a boy scout?
A:  Someone who likes to pitch tents!

Q:  How do you cut through waves?
A:  With a sea-saw!

Q:  What has teeth but can't chew?
A:  A zipper!

Q:  If a man smashed a clock, could he be accused of killing time?
A:  Not if the clock struck first!

Q:  What flowers do you wear all year long?
A:  Tulips (two-lips)!

Q:  What do cows give after an earthquake?
A:  Milk shakes!

Q:  When is a cowboy most like a pony?
A:  When he is a little hoarse!

Q:  Why do cowboys ride horses?
A:  Because the horses are too heavy to carry!

Q:  How many sides does a house have?
A:  Two!  The inside and the outside!

Q:  Why did the man sleep under the oil tank?
A:  So he would wake up oily in the morning!

Q:  A giant had three tongues!  How did he remove two of them?
A:  He took off his shoes!

Q:  Why didn't the skeleton cross the road?
A:  Because he didn't have any guts!

Q:  What's the difference between a Timex dealer and a prison gaurd?
A:  One sells watches, one watches cells!

Q:  Why does Dracula consider himself an artist?
A:  He likes to draw blood!

Q:  What game do ghost children like to play?
A:  Peek-a-BOO!

Q:  What do you call a short, sun-burned outlaw riding a horse?
A:  Little Red Riding Hood!

Q:  Why are men better with a beard than without?
A:  FUR lots of reasons!

Q:  What was the octopus couple's favorite song?
A: I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, (ad nauseum)

Q:  Why are potatoes considered stupid?
A:  At parties they always hang around with the dips!

Q:  Where did the brontosaurus go for the summer months?
A:  To the dino-shore!

Q:  Why is a room full of married people really empty?
A:  There isn't a single person in it!

Q:  Why didn't the grizzly wear any shoes?
A:  Because he wanted bear feet!

Q:  What did one knife say to the other?
A:  "My, YOU'RE looking sharp today!"

Q:  What would happen if an ice cream cone picked a fight with Jesse
    James?
A:  The ice cream cone would get licked!

Q:  Why did the cowboy put a whistle in his ten-gallon hat?
A:  So he could blow his top!

Q:  What do you call Jesse James When he has the flu?
A:  A sick shooter!

Q:  What do you get if you cross a monster and an owl?
A:  An animal that scares people and doesn't give a hoot!

Q:  If 1 is love and 2 is hate, what are 3 and 4?
A:  Seven!

Q:  When do you use a shovel to eat?
A:  When you really dig in!

Q:  What's the best way to see flying saucers?
A:  Trip the waiter!

Q:  What do you get if you cross a vampire with an Egyptian mummy?
A:  A flying Band-Aid!

Q:  Who was the biggest monarch in history?
A:  King Kong!

Q:  Why didn't the skeleton ask his girlfriend to the dance?
A:  He didn't have any guts!

Q:  What did one arithmetic book say to the other?
A:  "I have a lot of problems!"

Q:  Do rabbits use combs?
A:  No, they use harebrushes!

Q:  What did one wall say to the other wall?
A:  "I'll meet you at the corner!"

Q:  What is a kangroo's favorite year?
A:  Leap year!

Q:  What's a good name for a straigh-back camel?
A:  Humphrey!  *Get it?*

Q:  If a King sits on gold, who sits on silver?
A:  The Lone Ranger!

Q:  Why did the outlaw carry a bottle of glue when he robbed the
    stagecoach?
A:  So he could stick up the passengers!

Q:  What does a train do when an outlaw chases it?
A:  It makes tracks!

Q:  Why did the cowboy brush his teeth with gunpowder?
A:  So he could shoot off his mouth!

Q:  What kind of figures do the most walking?
A: Roamin' numerals!

Q: What is the difference between the North and South Pole?
A: All the difference in the world!

Q: Guess who I saw today?
A: Everybody I looked at!

Q: Why is an engaged woman like a telephone?
A: Because they both have rings!

Q: Why was the mummy sent into the game as a pinch hitter?
A: With a mummy at bat, the game would be all wrapped up!

Q: What kind of horses frighten rangers?
A: Night Mares!

Q: Did you know Popeye was a sweet potato?
A: Well, he does say, "I Yam what I Yam"!

Q: Where does the Lone Ranger take his trash?
A: To the dump, to the dump, to the dump, dump, dump!

Q: Did you hear about the coach that flooded the gym?
A: He wanted to send in a sub!

Q: Why are birds poor?
A: Because money doesn't grow on trees!

Q: What drives a baseball batter crazy?
A: A pitcher that throws a screwball!

Q: Why is a scrambled egg like a losing ball team?
A: Because both are beaten!

Q: What do you get if you cross a big bell and an outlaw?
A: A Gongster!

Q: What do you call a lazy butcher?
A: A Meat-loafer!

Q: What is the first thing you put into a room?
A: Your feet!

Q: What is a sound sleeper?
A: Someone who snores!

Q: What does a cowboy say to his horse after a 100 mile ride?
A: Whoa!

Q: What part of a cowboy's outfit is the saddest?
A: His blue jeans!

Q: What is a monter's favorite necklace?
A: A choker!

Q: What kind of fur do you get from an outlaw?
A: As fur as you can get!

Q: What is the safest way to talk to an outlaw?
A: By long distance!

Q: What do you call an outlaw with cotton stuffed in his ears?
A: Anything you want!  He can't hear you!

Q: Why do postmen carry letters?
A: Because the letters can't go anywhere by themselves!

Q: How do you make friends with a computer?
A: Bit by bit!

Q: Who always goes to bed with shoes on?
A: A horse!

Q: Why is a toupee like a secret?
A: Because you keep it under your hat!

Q: Why are potatoes so afraid of Indians?
A: They don't want to get scalloped!

Q: What kind of music did the cowboy make when he threw a stone in the
   Rio Grande?
A: Plunk rock!!!!!

Q: Why did the cowboy saddle up the phonograph record?
A: He wanted to be a disk jockey!

Q: What did the victim say when the outlaw stuffed a dirty piece of
   cloth in his mouth?
A: That's an old gag!

Q: What was Billy the Kid's favorite subject in school?
A: Triggernometry!

Q: Who pulled the biggest holdup in history?
A: Atlas--he held up the whole world!

Q: What do you call an outlaw armed with four loaded revolvers?
A: Sir!

Q:  What happens when you throw a green rock in the red sea?
A:  It gets wet!

Q:  Why shouldn't you tell a secret to a pig?
A:  Because it is a squealer!

Q:  Where do frogs sit?
A:  On toadstools!

Q:  If a man were born in Greece, raised in Spain, came to America,
    and died in San Francisco, what is he?
A:  Dead!

Q:  Why did the man have to fix his car horn?
A:  Because it didn't give a hoot!

Q:  Why did the nutty kid throw butter out of the window?
A:  He wanted to see a butter fly.

Q:  Why did the nutty kid throw a glass of water out the window?
A:  Because he wanted to see a water fall!

Q:  What paper makes you itch?
A:  Scratch paper!

Q:  What can you break without touching it?
A:  Your promise!

Q:  A man was driving a black truck with the lights out.  There was no
    moon.  A lady was crossing the street.  How did he see her?
A:  It was daytime!

Q:  What animal makes the most of its food?
A:  The giraffe.  It makes a little go a long way!

Q:  What is the weather always like in Mexico?
A:  Chili today, hot tamale!

Q:  What time is the same spelled backwards or forwards?
A:  Noon!

Q:  What do you get if you cross an insect and a rabbit?
A:  Bugs Bunny!

Q:  Why aren't there any stories about beds?
A:  They haven't been made up yet!

Q:  What did the tree say to the woodpecker?
A:  You bore me!

Q:  What color was Napoleon's white horse?
A:  duh.

Q:  When do you put a clock in the oven?
A:  When you want to have a hot time!

Q:  What ten letter word starts with g-a-s?
A:  Automobile!

Q:  If you want to get rich, why should you just shut up?
A:  Because silence is golden!

Q:  What can be drawn without any drawing utensil?
A:  Breath!

Q:  What goes around a yard but doesn't move?
A:  A fence!

Q:  What is a calf after it is six months old?
A:  Seven months old!

Q:  What kind of fruit has a short temper?
A:  A crab apple!

Q:  What kind of watch is best for people who don't like time on
    their hands?
A:  A pocket watch!

Q:  What always comes into the house through the keyhole?
A:  A key!

Q:  What has four legs and a back but no body?
A:  A chair!

Q:  What kind of electricity do they have in Washington?
A:  D.C.!

Q:  What did the man do when he got a big gas bill?
A:  He exploded!

Q:  What is the best day to go to the beach?
A:  On a Sun Day!

Q:  How can you tell the difference between a can of chicken soup and a
    can of tomato soup?
A:  Read the label!

Q:  What trees come in two's?
A:  Pear Trees!

Q:  What insect runs away from everything?
A:  A Flee!

Q:  What does Brazil produce that no other country produces?
A:  Brazillians!

Q:  What people are like the end of a book?
A:  The Finnish!

Q:  Who never gets his hair wet in the shower?
A:  A bald man!

Q:  What did the light say to the girl?
A:  Turn me on!

Q:  What did the big chimney say to the little chimney?
A:  You're too young to smoke!

Q:  Why do firemen wear red suspenders?
A:  To keep their pants up!

Q:  Who can marry a lot of wives and still be single?
A:  A minister!

Q:  Why do we buy clothes?
A:  Because we can't get them free!

Q:  If six people and two dogs were under an umbrella, why didn't
    any of them get wet?
A:  Because it wasn't raining!

Q:  What piece of wood is like a king?
A:  A ruler!

Q:  What did the muffler say to the car owner?
A:  "Boy, am I exhausted!"

Q:  Why did the window pane blush?
A:  It saw the weather strip!

Q:  Where do crying children go?
A:  To the bawl park!

Q:  What has fifty heads and fifty tails?
A:  Fifty pennies!

Q:  When is the vet busiest?
A:  When it rains cats and dogs!

Q:  What is the difference between a bus driver and a cold?
A:  One knows the stops, the other stops the nose!

Q:  What do you call a sick crocodile?
A:  An illigator!

Q:  If you fell of a ladder, what would you fall against?
A:  Against your will!

Q:  Why shouldn't you make fun of fat people?
A:  Because it's not nice to poke fun at someone's expanse!

Q:  If an apple a day keeps the dentist away, what will an onion do?
A:  Keep everyone away!

Q:  Where do squirrels go when they go insane?
A:  To the nut house!

Q:  What do you have if your head is hot, your feet are cold, and you
    see spots in front of your eyes?
A:  You probably have a polka-dotted sock over your head!

Q:  When do you have acute pain?
A:  When you own a pretty window!

Q:  When was medicine first mentioned in the Bible?
A:  When moses recieved the two tablets!

Q:  What happened when the dog swallowed the watch?
A:  He got a lot of ticks!

Q:  How did the kid get a flat nose?
A:  He was told to keep it to the grindstone!

Q:  What is the healthiest kind of water?
A:  Well water!

Q:  What is the perfect cure for dandruff?
A:  Baldness!

Q:  What did the dentist say to the golfer?
A:  You have a hole in one!

Q:  What do you get if you put your hand in a pot?
A:  A potted palm!

Q:  What happened when the icicle landed on the man's head?
A:  It knocked him cold!

Q:  Where do animals go when they lose their tails?
A:  To a retail store!

Q:  What did the doctor say to the patient when he finished the
    operation?
A:  That's enough out of you!

Q:  How can you tell if you are cross-eyed?
A:  When you see eye-to-eye with yourself!

Q:  How can you tell if you are cross-eyed?
A:  Try looking in a mirror!

Q:  What is the best way to cure acid indigestion?
A:  Stop drinking acid!

Q:  What did the farmer use to cure his sick hog?
A:  Oinkment!

Q:  What do you call a person who doesn't have all his fingers on one
    hand?
A:  Normal.  Most people have their fingers spread over two hands!

Q:  What happened to the horse that swallowed a dollar bill?
A:  He bucked!

Q:  How was the blind carpenter able to see?
A:  He picked up his hammer and saw!

Q:  How can you tell if a bucket is not well?
A:  When it is a little pail!

Q:  What do you call a sheep that is covered in chocolate?
A:  A Hershey baaa!

Q:  How do you make an eggroll?
A:  Push it!

Q:  Why is it dangerous to do math in a cannibal's den?
A:  Because if you add 4 and 4, you get ate!

Q:  What is a pie in the sky?
A:  A flying pizza!

Q:  Why did the farmer plant sugar cubes?
A:  Because he wanted to raise cane!

Q:  Why did the woman eat bullets?
A:  Because she wanted her hair to grow in bangs!

Q:  Do ministers ever use operator assistance?
A:  No.  They always go parson to parson!

Q:  Why did the orchestra have bad manners?
A:  It didn't know how to conduct itself!

Q:  What do you call a crazy pickle?
A:  A daffy dill!

Q:  What do ghosts eat for lunch?
A:  Boo-loney sandwiches!

Q:  What does the Swamp Thing like for desert?
A:  Marsh-mellows!

Q:  What kind of eggs does an evil chicken lay?
A:  Deviled eggs!

Q:  What hired killer never goes to jail?
A:  The exterminator!

Q:  What is a boxer's favorite drink?
A:  Punch!

Q:  Which hand should you use to stir tea?
A:  Neither.  Use a spoon!

Q:  What is small, purple, and dangerous?
A:  A grape with a machine gun!

Q:  What gun does a police dog use?
A:  A dogmatic!

Q:  Where do tough chickens come from?
A:  From hard-boiled eggs!

Q:  How do you tell when a bell is obedient?
A:  If it only rings when tolled!

Q:  What kind of food do brave soldiers eat?
A:  Hero sandwiches!

Q:  What is stolen candy?
A:  Hot chocolate!

Q:  What do well behaved young lambs say to their mothers?
A:  Thank ewe!

Q:  What is the last thing you eat before you die?
A:  You bite the dust!

Q:  What do you get if you cross an elephant with a Boy Scout?
A:  A real big uniform!

Q:  What is the grossest kind of cookie?
A:  A snicker-doo-doo!

Q:  What happens to evil pigs?
A:  They become deviled ham!

Q:  Why did the turkey cross the road?
A:  To get to Mexico, where they don't celebrate Thanksgiving!

Q:  What do mice wear to school on gym day?
A:  Squeakers!

Q:  Why did the elephant put ketchup in his navel?
A:  Cause he wanted eat French Fries lying down!

Q:  Why didn't the Mad Scientist allow the sick eagle in his laboratory?
A:  Because it was illeagle! *get it?*

Q:  Why did the mad scientist put an elastic band around his forehead?
A:  So he could stretch his imagination!

Q:  How do cowboys watch t.v. when they're out on the range?
A:  By saddle lights!

Q:  What do you call a cat who eats a lemon?
A:  A sourpuss!

Q:  Who is bigger:  Mr Bigger or his baby?
A:  Mr. Bigger's baby is a little Bigger!

Q:  How many seconds are in a year?
A:  12 - January 2nd, February 2nd...

Q:  How does Santa Claus take care of his yard?
A:  With a hoe, hoe, hoe!

Q:  What did the envelope say when the boy licked it?
A:  Nothing - it shut up!

Q:  First you see a red mill.  Then there's a walk at the end.   Then
    there's a key.  What is it?
A:  Milwaukee!

Q:  What is a monster's favorite team?
A:  The Giants!

Q:  What American has the largest family?
A:  George Washington - He's the Father of our Country!

Q:  Did you hear about the fight in the Candy Store?
A:  Two suckers got licked!

Q:  What state in the U.S. is the happiest?
A:  Merry Land!

Q:  What did the candles say to the birthday cake?
A:  These birthdays really burn me up!

Q:  Why did the orange stop in the middle of the road?
A:  Because it ran out of juice!

Q:  Why do flies walk on the ceiling?
A:  If they walked on the floor, someone might step on them!

Q:  What is a foreign ant?
A:  ImportAnt!

Q:  Why do hippies study the stars?
A:  Because they are so far out!

Q:  Why did the farmer put rusted out cars in his garden?
A:  He wanted to raise a bumper crop!

Q:  How can you eat an egg without breaking its shell?
A:  Ask someone else to break it!

Q:  Why does a baby duck walk softly?
A:  Because it is a baby and can't walk, hardly!

Q:  What helps keep your teeth together?
A:  Toothpaste!

Q:  What brings the monster's babies?
A:  Frankenstork!

Q:  Did you hear the story about the Peacock?
A:  It's a beautiful tail!

Q:  What bugs are good at math?
A:  Mosquitos: they add to misery, subtract from fun, and multiply fast!

Q:  Why did the mouse want to move?
A:  She was tired of living in a hole in the wall!

Q:  How can you tell a cat that likes rain?
A:  Because when it rains it purrs!

Q:  Why do bees hum?
A:  Because they don't know the words!

Q:  Who settled in the West before anyone else?
A:  The Sun!

Q:  What is a distant relative?
A:  Someone who is not living with you!

Q:  What is the biggest ant?
A:  An ELEPHant!

Q:  What is smaller than an ant's mouth?
A:  An ant's dinner!

Q:  How can you spell too much with just two letters?
A:  XS!

Q:  What is the hottest part of a man's face?
A:  His sideburns!

Q:  What fish has the lowest voice?
A:  A bass!

Q:  When was beef at its highest?
A:  When the cow jumped over the moon!

Q:  What person is always yelling?
A:  The I Scream Man!

Q:  What kind of theif has to be really strong?
A:  A shoplifter!

Q:  What kind of house weighs the least?
A:  A Lighthouse!

Q:  What is the hardest thing about learning to roller skate?
A:  The ground!

Q:  What coat has the most sleeves?
A:  A coat of arms!

Q:  What fruit has been known since man invented the calendar?
A:  Dates!

Q:  What is purple and 5,000 miles long?
A:  The Grape Wall of China!

Q:  Why do we dress baby girls in pink and baby boys in blue?
A:  Because they can't dress themselves!

Q:  Where can you always find health, wealth, and happiness?
A:  In the dictionary!

Q:  Why is the dictionary dangerous?
A:  Because it has Dynamite and Arsenic in it!

Q:  A man who worked in a butcher shop was 6 feet tall, had red hair,
    and wore size 11 shoes.  What did he weigh?
A:  Meat!

Q:  How does a coffee pot feel when it is hot?
A:  Perky!

Q:  What did the two vampires do from midnight to 12:10?
A:  They took a coffin break!

Q:  What do people in England call little black cats?
A:  Kittens!

Q:  Why did the man put his money in the refrigerator?
A:  To make some cold cash!

Q:  How do you make a Venetian blind?
A:  Poke a finger in its eye!

Q:  What is a stupid flower?
A:  A Blooming Idiot!

Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
A:  Because they don't know how to cook!

Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
A:  Because they can't light their Coleman stove!

Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
A:  Because they have to much trouble fitting it on the shishkebab!

Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat?
A:  Because the stove is broken!

Q:  What can you do with old bowling balls?
A:  Give them to elephants to shoot marbles!

Q:  Dogs have fleas.  What do Sheep have?
A:  Fleece!

Q:  Did Adam and Eve ever have a date?
A:  No, they had an apple!

Q:  What do you call a Volkswagon filled with cookies?
A:  Farfignewton!

Q:  What is a bulldozer?
A:  Someone who sleeps while a polititian is making a speech!

Q:  Where do trees keep their money?
A:  In branch banks!

Q:  If cheese comes on top of hamburger, what comes after cheese?
A:  Mice!

Q:  If cheese comes on top of hamburger, what comes after cheese?
A:  The cheese police!

Q:  Where do fish keep their money?
A:  In river banks!

Q:  Where do Eskimos keep their money?
A:  In snowbanks!

Q:  Where do hogs keep their money?
A:  In piggy banks!

Q:  Where do vampires keep their money?
A:  In blood banks!

Q:  Where do mummies swim?
A:  In the Dead Sea!

Q:  What is the best way to eat spaghetti?
A:  Well, first open your mouth....

Q:  What happened when Abel died?
A:  He became Unable!

Q:  What did the little light bulb say to its mom?
A:  I wuv you watts and watts!

Q:  Why do wallets make so much noise?
A:  Because money talks!

Q:  What happens to a refrigerator when you pull the plug?
A:  It loses its cool!

Q:  How many skunks does it take to make a big stink?
A:  A phew!

Q:  What does an invisible baby drink?
A:  Evaporated milk!

Q:  What runs around all day and then lies under the bed with
    its tongue hanging out?
A:  Your shoe!

Q:  What did King Kong say when he saw the Statue of Liberty?
A:  "Hi, mom!"

Q:  What lottery did the broom win?
A:  The sweepstakes!

Q:  Why does a chicken lay an egg?
A:  Because if she dropped it, it would break!

Q:  Why do you always start to walk with the right foot first?
A:  Because when you move one foot, the other is always left behind!

Q:  When do you swallow your words?
A:  When you eat alphabet soup!

Q:  What is the difference between a greedy person and an electric
    toaster?
A:  One takes the most and the other makes the toast!

Q:  Is it better to write on a full or an empty stomach?
A:  Neither.  You'll find that paper works best!

Q:  What kind of bird is always around when there is anything to eat
    or drink?
A:  A swallow?

Q:  Why are identical twins like a broken alarm clock?
A:  Because they are dead ringers!

Q:  Why don't scarecrows have any fun?
A:  Because they are stuffed shirts!

Q:  How do you make a cigarette lighter?
A:  Take out the tobacco!

Q:  How do you make notes of stone?
A:  Rearrange the letters!

Q:  What kind of umbrella did Louis XII carry in the rain?
A:  A wet one!

Q:  Why does the stork stand on one leg only?
A:  If he lifted it, he would fall down!

Q:  What is the difference between a banana and a bell?
A:  You can only peal a banana once!

Q:  What invention allows you to see through walls?
A:  A window!

Q:  Why can it be said that whales talk a lot?
A:  Because they're always spouting off!

Q:  What can a whole apple do that half an apple can't?
A:  It can look round!

Q:  When is a man not a man?
A:  When he turns into an alley!

Q: How do blonde braincells die ?
A: Alone.

Q: How do you brainwash a blonde?
A: Give her a douche and shake her upside down.

Q: How do you change a blonde's mind?
A1: Blow in her ear.
A2: Buy her another beer.

Q: How do you measure a blonde's intelligence?
A: Stick a tire pressure gauge in her ear!

Q: HOW DO YOU KEEP A BLONDE BUSY ALL DAY?
A: Put her in a round room and tell her to sit in the corner.

Q: How do you get a blonde to marry you?
A: Tell her she's pregnant.

Q: What will she ask you?
A: "Is it mine?"

Q: How does a blonde kill a fish?
A: She drowns it.

Q: A blond going to London on a plane, how can you steal her window seat?
A: Tell her the seats that are going to London are all in the middle row.

Q: Why are only 2% of blondes touch-typists?
A: The rest are hunt'n peckers.

Q: WHAT DO YOU DO WHEN A BLONDE THROWS A PIN AT YOU?
A: Run like Hell....she's got a hand grenade in her mouth.

Q: WHAT DO YOU CALL A BLONDE GOLFER WITH AN IQ OF 125?
A: a foursome.

Q: WHAT DO YOU GIVE THE BLONDE WHO HAS EVERYTHING?
A: Penicillin.

Q: What do you call a blond mother-in-law?
A: An air bag.

Q: What nickname is most used by blondes in order to boost their
popularity?
A: B.J.

Q: What do blondes do for foreplay?
A: Remove their underwear.

Q: What do blonde virgins eat?
A: Baby food.

Q: What's the mating call of the blonde?
A: "I'm *sooo* drunk!"

Q: What is the mating call of the ugly blonde?
A: (Screaming) "I said: I'm drunk!"

Q: WHAT IS BLONDE AND GREEN AND JUMPS FROM BED TO BED?
A: A prostitoad.

Q: Why did the blonde stare at frozen orange juice can for 2 hours?
A: Because it said 'concentrate'.

Q: WHY DID THE BLONDE BAKE A CHICKEN FOR 3 AND A HALF DAYS?
A: It said cook it for half an hour per pound, and she weighed 125.

Q: What do you call a blonde with ESP and PMS?
A: A know-it-all bitch.

Q: WHAT DID THE BLOND SAY WHEN SHE WOKE UP UNDER THE COW?
A: What are you guys still doing here?

Q: WHAT ARE THE WORST SIX YEARS IN A BLONDE'S LIFE?
A: Third Grade.

Q: WHAT DID THE BLONDE SAY ABOUT BLONDE JOKES?
A: She said they were pretty good, but they might offend some Puerto
Ricans.

Q: WHAT DID THE BLONDE THINK OF THE NEW COMPUTER?
A: She didn't like it because she couldn't get MTV.

Q: What do UFO's and smart blondes have in common?
A: You keep hearing about them, but never see any.

Q: What does a blond say during a porno movie?
A: There I am!!

Q: How do you confuse a blonde?
A: You don't. They're born that way.

Q: Why do blondes hate M&Ms?
A: They're too hard to peel.

Q: How do you know when a blonde has been making chocolate chip cookies?
A: You find M&M shells all over the kitchen floor.

Q: What job function does a blonde have in an M&M factory?
A: Proofreading.

Q: Do you know why the blonde got fired from the M&M factory?
A: For throwing out the W's.

Q: Why don't blondes like making KOOL-AID?
A: Because they can't fit 8 cups of water in the little packet.

Q: How does the blonde car pool work?
A: They all meet at work at 7:45.

Q: What happens when a blonde gets Alzheimers disease?
A: Her IQ goes up!

Q: Why was the blonde disappointed with her trip to England?
A: She found out Big Ben is only a clock.

Q: Why can't blondes make ice cubes?
A: They always forget the recipe.

Q: DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE BLONDE THAT ATE MOUNTAIN OYSTERS?
A: She was dragged 200 yards.

Q: How many blondes does it take to play Hide and Seek?
A: One.

Q: Why couldn't the blonde write the number ELEVEN ?
A: She didn't know what ONE came first...

Q: Why don't blondes talk when having sex?
A1: Their mothers told them not to talk to strangers.

Q: What do you call a blonde with 90% of her intelligence gone?
A: Divorced.

Q: How can you tell when a blonde is dating a cowboy?
A: By the buckle print on her forehead.

Q: How can you tell who is a blonde's boyfriend?
A: He's the one with the belt buckle the matches the impression in her
forehead!

Q: How can you tell if a blonde writes mysteries?
A: She has a checkbook.

Q: What's the difference between a prostitute, a nymphomaniac, and a
blonde?
A: The prostitute says "Aren't you done yet?"
The nympho says "Are you done already?"
The blonde says "Beige...I think I'll paint the ceiling beige."


Q: Why does a blonde only change her baby's diapers every month?
A: Because it says right on it "good for up to 20 pounds."

Q: Why do blondes have see-through lunch box lids?
A1: So they know if it is morning or afternoon.
A2: So that when they're on the train they can tell if they're going to
work or coming home.

Q: Why don't blondes double recipes?
A: The oven doesn't go to 700 degrees.

Q: Why don't blondes make good pharmacists?
A: They can't get the bottle into the typewriter.

Q: Why don't blondes call 911 in an emergency?
A1: They can't remember the number.
A2: She can't find the number 11 on the telephone buttons.

Q: What's the first thing a blonde does in the morning?
A1: Introduces themself.
A2: Walks home.

Q: What's the first thing a blonde does after sex?
A: Opens the car door.

Q: What is the worst thing about sex with a blond?
A: Bucket seats.

Q: What do you call a skeleton in the closet with blonde hair?
A: Last years hide and go seek winner.

Q: What do you call a basement full of blondes?
A: A whine cellar.

Q: Why did the blonde have tire tread marks on her back?
A: From crawling across the street when the sign said "DON'T WALK".

Q: Why did the blonde keep a coat hanger in her back seat?
A: In case she locks the keys in her car.

Q: Why did the blonde get so excited after she finished
her jigsaw puzzle in only 6 months?
A: Because on the box it said From 2-4 years.

Q: Did you hear about the blonde coyote?
A: Got stuck in a trap, chewed off three legs and was still stuck.

Q: What's a blonde's favorite nursery rhyme?
A: Humpme Dumpme.

Q: What did the blonde customer say to the buxom waitress (reading her
nametag)
A: "'Debbie'...that's cute. What did you name the other one ?"

Q: A blonde is walking down the street with a pig under her arm.
She passes a person who asks "Where did you get that?"
A: The pig says, "I won her in a raffle!"

Q: A blonde ordered a pizza and the clerk asked if he should
cut it in six or twelve pieces. A: "Six, please. I could never eat twelve
pieces."

Q: What was the last request made of Jesus Christ?
A: Hey buddy could you cross your legs?  I've only got three nails.

Q:  Why was Christ able to walk on water?
A:  Shit floats.

Q: Why doesn't Jesus eat M&M's?
A: They fall through his hands.

Q: What's the difference between Jesus and a painting?
A: It takes only one nail to hang a painting.

Q: How can we tell it was a jew who crucified Jesus?
A: Who else would tell the guy to cross his legs to save one spike?

Q: What do you get when you cross a nun with an apple?
A: A computer that won't go down on you!

Q: Why were there only 12 apostles at the Last Supper?
A: The bread and wine weren't enough, so ...

Q: What did the lions say when the Emperor of Rome threw the
   Christians into the arena?
A: Yum!

Q: Why do Blondes wear padded shoulders?
A: So they don't get a concussion while bobbing their from head side to
   side as they are saying "I don't know?" whenever you ask them a
   question.

Q: Why should you keep a blonde on the job 7 days a week?
A: So you don't have to retrain them every Monday.

Q: What do you call a blonde with 1/2 a brain?
A: Gifted.

Q: What did the blonde say when she found out she was pregnant?
A: I hope it's mine!!!!

Q: How can you tell if a blonde has been using your lawn mower?
A: The green "Welcome" mat is ripped all to shreds.

Q: What did the blondes mom say before she left for a date?
A: If your not in bed by 10, come home!!!!

Q: Why did the blonde climb the glass wall?
A: To see what's on the other side.

Q: What do you call 2 blondes in a freezer?
A: Frosted flakes.

Q: How do blondes commit suicide?
A: They put spikes on their shoulder pads.

Q: Why are blondes like turtles?
A: When on their back, their screwed.

Q: What do blondes and beer bottles have in common?
A: Both are empty from the neck up.

Q: How do you confuse a blonde?
A: Give her a pack of M&M's and tell her to put them in
   alphabetical order.

Q: What do you call 22 blondes standing in a row?
A: Wind tunnel.

Q: How does a blonde kill a fish?
A: She drowns it.

Q: What's similar about UFO's and a smart blonde?
A: You keep hearing about them, but never see one...

Q: If a blonde and a brunette fell out of an airplane, who would
   land first?
A: The brunette. The blonde would have to stop and ask for
   directions.

Q: Why don't blondes like pickles?
A: They keep getting their head stuck in the jar...

Q: What is a blondes' mating call?
A: Oh, I'm soooooo drunk!

Q: What is a brunettes mating call?
A: Have all the blonde's gone home?

Q: What do you call a brunette between 2 blondes?
A: An Interpreter.

Q: What does a blonde say first thing in the morning?
A: Are all you guys on the same team?

Q: What do you call a blonde who has dyed her hair black?
A: Artificial intelligence.

Q: How many blondes does it take to make chocolate chip cookies?
A: 100 - 1 to stir and 99 to peel the M&Ms.

Q: How can you tell when a blonde has used your computer?
A: Whiteout all over the screen.

Q: How can you tell if she has been back to the computer?
A: Writing on the whiteout.

Q: What's similar about Santa Claus, the Tooth Fairy, and Smart
   Blondes?
A: They are all make-believe.

Q: Why do blondes write TGIF on their shoes?
A: Toes Go In First

Q: Why do blondes write TGIF on their bras?
A: Tits Go In First

Q: Why do blondes like the GST?
A: It's the only thing they can spell.

Q: Why do blondes wear panties?
A: To keep their ankles warm.

Q: How do you change a blondes mind?
A: Blow in her ear.

Q: What's the difference between a blonde and an airplane?
A: The Black Box ALWAYS tells the truth.

Q: How does a blonde turn on the light in the morning?
A: Opens the car door.

Q: How is a blonde unlike the Titanic?
A: You know how many men went down on the Titanic.
Q: Why did 18 blondes go to the R-rated movie?
A: Because they heard that under 17 was not admitted.

Q: Why did the blonde got fired from the M&M factory?
A: She kept throwing out the W's!

Q: What do four blondes have in common?
A: Nothing they can think of.

Q: What does a blond say after making love?
A: "Thanks guys..."

Q: What is the best protection against rape?
A: dye your hair blond - no one "rapes" a blond!

Q: What do most blonds have against condoms?
A: Their cheeks!

Q: How can you tell a real blond from a fake?
A: Fuck her!

Q: What's the difference between an intelligent blonde and a U.F.O.?
A: There have been U.F.O. sightings.

Q: How do you drown a blonde?
A: Put a mirror at the bottom of the pool....

Q: What do you call a blonde skeleton in the closet???
A: The winner of a Hide and Seek game.....

Q: What do you call a circle of blondes?
A: A dope ring.......

Q: What goes "VROOOM   SCREECH!   VROOOM   SCREECH!   VROOOM  SCREECH!"
A: A blonde at a flashing red light!

Q: Why can't blondes use birth control pills?
A: They keep falling out.

Q: If you have 3 blondes sitting on a couch, how do you know which one
   is the cock sucker?
A: The one spitting feathers!

Q: What happened to the Blonde terrorist who tried to blow up a bus?
A: She burned her lips on the exhaust pipe.

Q: How does a blond hemophiliac cure herself?
A: With acupuncture!

Q: Why does a blond eat beans on Saturday?
A: So she can take a bubble bath on Sunday.

Q: How can you tell when you're in bed with an Blonde man???
A: It's not hard.
Q: What do you call a virgin blonde?
A: An ugly 3rd grader.

Q: What do you have when there are three blondes in a corner?
A: An Air Pocket

Q: What do you call a blond driving a car?
A: An Air Bag

Q. How does a blond screw in a light bulb?
A: With lubricant...
   (but how does she get into the lightbulb?)

Q: What does a blond put behind her ears to attract men?
A: Her ankles!

Q: Did you hear about the blonde girl who thought her typewriter
   was pregnant?
A: Seems it was skipping periods.

Q: What did the blonde say when the job interviewer asked "Please spell
   your name?"
A: "Y-O-U-R  N-A-M-E."

Q. Why Do You Take A Blonde Shopping With You?
A. To Be Able To Park In The HandiCapped Zone.

Q. How many blondes does it take to screw in a light bulb
A. 100  -- 1 to screw it in and 99 to say I can do that.

Q: What do a Bleached Blonde and a 747 have in common?
A: They both have little Black Boxes

Q: What's the difference between a Blonde and a 747?
A: Not everyone's been in a 747!

Q: What's the other difference between a Blonde and a 747?
A: A 747 only goes down occasionally where a Blonde...well...

Q: Why Don't They Give Blondes Coffee-Breaks?
A: It's Such a Pain In The Ass Having To Retrain Them All The Time.

Q: What did the blonde say when she opened the box of cheerios?
A: Oh look, daddy...doughnut seeds

Q: How do you drown a Blonde??
A: Put a mirror in the bathtub...

Q: How do you know when a blonde is having her period?
A: When she can't find her pencil and her tampon's behind her ear.

Q: How come the blonde had a square chest?
A: She forgot to take the Kleenex out of the box.

Q: How do you get a twinkle in a blondes' eye?
A: Shine a flashlight in her ear.

Q: How do you get a one armed blonde out of a tree?
A: Wave.

Q: How did the blonde break her arm raking leaves?
A: Fell out of the tree.

Q: Why don't blondes like to make Kool-Aid?
A: They can't fit 2 quarts of water in the little package.

Q: Why do blondes wash their hair in the kitchen sink?
A: Because that's where you wash vegetables.

Q: What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you?
A: Pull the pin and throw it back.

Q: What does a Blonde do first thing in the morning?
A: Gets dressed and goes home.

Q: Why does a blonde have fur on the hem of her dress?
A: To keep her neck warm.

Q: Why did the blonde cross the road?
A: Never mind that, what was she doing out of the bedroom?

Q: What's the difference between a blonde and a bowling ball?
A: You can only put three fingers in a bowling ball.

Q: What do you call a blonde with a dollar bill on her head.
A: All you can eat under a buck.

Q: What did the blonde call her pet Zebra?
A: Spot.

Q: How is a dumb blonde like spaghetti?
A: They both squirm when you eat them.

Q: Why was the blonde delighted when she finished the jigsaw puzzle in
   11 months?
A: Because the box said 2 to 4 years.

Q: How do you drown a blonde?
A: Put a scratch and snif at the bottom of the pool.

Q: If Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny, a smart blonde and a dumb blonde
   were standing together and someone dropped a $100 bill in front of
   them, who would pick it up?
A: The dumb blonde....there is no such thing as Santa Claus, the Easter
   Bunny, or a smart blonde.

Q: What is the difference between Big Foot and a smart blonde?
A: There have been confirmed sightings of Big Foot.

Q: If a Blonde an "X" wife and an attorney fell out of an airplane
   which one would hit the ground first?
A: Who cares?

Q: What do a blonde and a postage stamp have in common?
A: You lick em, you stick em and you send them on their way.

Q: What's the difference between a miniature circus and a group of
   blondes?
A: The circus is an array of cunning stunts!

Q: Why don't Blondes breast feed their babys?
A: Because it hurts too much when they boil their nipples.

Q: How do you brainwash a Blonde?
A: Give her an enema.

Q: Why didn't the Blonde have any ice cubes for her party?
A: She lost the recipe.

Q: Did you hear about the Blonde who won a gold medal?
A: She was so proud that she had it bronzed.

Q: Why does a Blonde prefer tilt steering?
Q: More headroom.

Q: What thoughts do Blondes have after reading these jokes?
A: None, as usual... and they most likely didn't understand them
   either.

Q: What do you call a brunette and three blondes on a corner?
A: Regular price, four bucks, four bucks, four bucks.

Q: What does a blonde say first thing in the morning?
A: Are all you guys on the same team?

Q: What's similar about Santa Claus, the Tooth Fairy, and Smart
   Blondes?
A: They are all make-believe.

Q: Did you hear that the only job for blondes at the candy factory
A: Proofreading the M&M's?

Q: How do you make a blonde laugh on Saturday night?
A: Tell her a joke on thursday...

Q: How many blondes does it take to make chocolate chip cookies???
A: 3, 2 to make the batter, and 2 to peel the M&Ms.....
   sorry (3, 2 to make the batter and 1 to peel the M&Ms).....

Q: Why can't blondes use birth control pills?
A: They keep falling out.


Q: Did you hear about the blond prostitute who didn't vote?
A: She didn't care who got in.

Q: How does a blond screw in a lightbulb?
A: She holds it up to the socket and waits for the world to revolve
   around her.

Q: What do blondes and cow pies have in common?
A: The older they get the easier they are to pick up.

Q: What do you call a zit on a blonde's butt?
A: A brain tumor.

Q: What do you call a blonde in leather jacket?
A: A rebel without a clue!

Q: Why Did The Blonde Have Bruises around Her Navel?
A: Her Boyfriend Was Blonde Too.

Q: Did you hear about the blonde who lost 85% of her brains?
A: Her husband died.

Q: Why can't blondes fart?
A: They don't shut up long enough to build up the pressure.

Q: What does a blonde say in the morning?
A: Who ARE you guys?

Q: How do you make a blonde laugh on Friday?
A: Tell her a joke on Monday.

Q: What do screen doors and blondes have in common?
A: The more you bang them the loser they get.

Q: Why don't blondes have elevator jobs?
A: They don't know the route.

Q: What do blondes and computers have in common?
A: You never appreciate either until they go down on you.

Q: Why don't blondes like vibrators?
A: It's hard on their teeth.

Q: What is the difference between a blonde and the Panama Canal?
A: One is a busy ditch.

Q: What can strike a blonde without them even knowing it?
A: A thought.

Q: What do tou call ten blondes in a swimming pool?
A: An air pocket.

Q: What do you see when you look deep into the eyes of a blonde?
A: The back of her head.

Q: What is dumber than the 133 Blondes above?
A: Me for wasting hours editing and typing these silly things.